2011_January 2 
I really enjoy the Resident Evil films and this one is no exception.
Sure, you really have to suspend your disbelief for some of the stuff,
but it is akin to suspending your disbelief in any comic book or
fantasy film. These films are telling an interesting story and they do
a lot better from one film to another than other big budget movies.
Alice continues to wage her war on the Umbrella corporation leading an
assault on their headquarters in Japan. Her troops, the many clones of
herself. Unfortunately, though she is able to exact a bit of revenge,
she also loses her powers thanks to the villain Wesker. Though she
rather prefers to be human I think she would be better off with her
powers. Well she ends up trying to find those she saw flying off to a
safe haven in Alaska, she makes it there only to find a field of planes
and no sign of humans other than Claire Redfield who has some strange
device on her. Well they end up holed up in a maximum security prison
and it becomes overrun and then a big dude comes and chaos ensues.
Great action, Milla is probably my favorite heroine in film right now.
Well I would say scratch the probably, she is. The film also does
really good at making the film look like a 200 million dollar
blockbuster on a 60 million dollar budget. The end most certainly
suggests another film and I am most certainly up for another go around.
I just enjoy the films, they are fun and fast and usually have good
action and zombies. They may not be works of art, but they keep me
entertained and I applaud this series for that, as I also applaud them
for keeping the story intact and not completely ignoring stuff from the
previous movies.
