2001_September 26 

We could see just one more story about a man who loves his son, but which
suffers from various handicaps, like being on parole and being watched all
the time, like having no wife anymore due to killing her, and like his son
being one of the most stellar basketball players of his time and this man
being truck-loaded with the burden of convincing him to go to college. The
film marches to the pace of the two leads, Jake Shuttlesworth (Denzel
Washington) and Jesus Shuttlesworth (real-life NBA player Ray Allen, which
makes a startling debut), as they have continuous face-offs: Jesus won't
accept that he has a father, and won't listen to him, being more interested
in becoming an NBA star, as the managers, the limelights, the fame and the
fortune keep calling him like the chant of the sirens. Jesus is a young boy
with a foot on each side. And he is facing options, choices he will have to
make, and traps he will have to avoid. As a friend of his says (in the
movie's most memorable quote) &quot;How do you spell pussy? H. - I. - V.&quot;. This
could be one more tale of choosing between college or fame and fortune, ths
could be one more tale of a destroyed father-son relationship, but this is
Spike Lee, and the treatment is totally different. It starts with an
incredible hommage to basketball, shot like a picture poem, to the sounds of
Aaron Copland, whose music flows through the whole movie and makes it look
more beautiful and poetic. A characteristic Spike Lee movie, which
introduces us to a new way of facing sport dramas. To be
cherished.
