1999_August 12 

This is one incredible film. When I first heard about it, I thought to my
self that we were going to get another trashy cyber punk film with Keanu
looking pretty and acting poorly. And then I saw the trailer for the
film in the cinema. It held my attention and I was discussing it with a
friend during the film I originally went to see. And then the time came to
seeing the film itself. Oh My God. Not many films have made my jaw drop in a
long time. In fact, the last one I can remember was Jurassic Park back in
1993. The film grabbed me from the very beginning, and I was speech less when
I left the cinema. I thought that the story was very original, and the
action beats any Hong Kong export that I've seen to date. The film was so
spectacular, it was like watching a live action cartoon. Very simular to a
Manga animation film. Outrageous Kung Fu fighting, impressive action
sequences (particularly the lobby shoot-out), and the acting pretty good
aswell. Keanu was surprisingly impressive in this, Lawrence Fishburne was as
good as he always is. Carrie Ann Moss is someone I think we will see a lot
of in the future. But it was bad guy Hugo Weaving as Agent Smith that caught
my attention the most. He played the role very well, and had all the best
lines. I have seen this 5 times already at the cinema, and will see it again
easily. One of my favourite films of all time, and certainly the best action
film this side of Asia. I await for parts 2 and 3 in anticipation as the
Wachowski brothers stated that this was part of planned trilogy. Move over
Star Wars, the new ultimate Sci Fi film has arrived for the new
millennium.
