2001_May 31 

There are definite plot holes in this movie (come on, do you really think
that just because you think you're dead you die?).  And the back story makes
no sense (why would a computer waste it's precious juice on such an
elaborate hoax as the Matrix--if you cut the damn spinal cord, a humans will
go nowhere and still generate just as much body heat and electrical
impulses--and as expressed in the Terminator, computers have no pity, no
remorse, so they wouldn't be sentimental enough to find some way to let
people be happy).  Cool kung fu, though.<br /><br />Which brings us to the real reason I don't like Matrix much (6/10): like
Michael Bay's Pearl Harbor today, there is a lot of killing in the name of
Good (the humans are killing humans to save them, while Bay shows the deaths
of many US military personnel in a supposed effort to honor them) without
any thought or reflection as to the implications.  Once Lawrence Fishburne
says that the humans can be inhabited by the enforcers, it becomes open
season on everybody.  This gives the message that slavery is worse than
death.  Personally, I've always thought Locke listed the inalienable rights
in order of importance--life, liberty, then property. Once you're dead, you
can't have any liberties.  It's one thing to give your life for liberty, but
it's another thing altogether to have your life taken away for that purpose.
There used to be movies where it was debated whether it was even right to
kill the bad guys (Casablanca, Lifeboat), now it seems to be open season all
over again.
