2001_July 19 

All I can say is The Matrix was an incredible movie!!! It may take more
time
to watch it and I've watched it at least 30 times before you can
understand
it all because it's so complex and a well backed-up film. Aside from great
storyline and philosophy The Matrix delivers unbelievable action still is
in
line with the story, amazing feats and new things can be performed in The
Matrix because The Matrix is our world. For all of those who haven't seen
the movie The Matrix is about a hacker named Neo (Reeves) is sidetracked
by
his normal job as a hacker, who doesn't get much sleep because all his
life
he has suspected something odd about the world he lives in and he has
absolutely now idea what it is. The only thing he knows though is that he
wants to find an answer. Finally, he meets a man named Morpheous
(Fishburne)
who shows him how and what Neo has always suspected which is the world is
flawed. An amazing story showing that earth or the world everyone lives in
has been manipulated by machines and the real time zone we all live in is
in
about the century 2199 A.D. Neo has a hard time adjusting to this new
thing
he has discovered after being unplugged by the neural interactive
simulation
(Earth or The Matrix) and discovering all the world is, is everyone
communicating with each other is a fake world. After, Morpheous teaches
Neo
that in the world he has been living in, he can do almost anything that he
was taught wasn't possible in the world he used to live in. Providing
amazing action and special effects that are absolutely incredible!
Cinematography, shows he these amazing stunts are pulled off at the end of
the movie, anyway I could go on forever, but you have to see The
Matrix.
