2000_February 28 

Ok, to everyone who posted bad comments about this movie: where are you
from??? This movie certainly is the best sci-fi movie that has been made in
the last twenty years (since Star Wars).
First of all, there is no leak in the plot. This is far from the usual
storyless sci-fi movies we are presented on our screens. It develops some
philosophical critical thoughts about the reality as we see it. You could
remove all the special effects and big action scenes and I would still love
the plot of the movie. If you don't like the plot, maybe you just forgot to
take the time to really LISTEN to the movie and to think about what it
implies.
Second of all, to all of those saying how &quot;american&quot; this movie is, I just
say: since when american movies are all shit and all foreign movies are
good? Did you ever thought about all the technical development made in
american movies and how that helps developing a new esthetic of cinema as a
whole? Special effects are there to give pleasure to the viewer. After all,
cinema is an art, but it also is a leasure. Remember that most people go
into cinemas to have a good time. This movie is there to please them. And
every other technical aspect of the movie is perfectly done: lightning,
make-up, sound!, film quality, etc. I wonder if Roberto Benigni would have
been happy to have the same techinical competence in his team to produce
&quot;Life is Beautiful&quot;. No doubt he would. Any director would.
When a movie has a great plot, is greatly filmed and gives us a good show
at
the same time, I don't spit on the country where it is from with my
prejudices, I just appreciate the masterpiece. Remember, action doesn't
mean
storyless...
