2010_September 27 
Many people can agree that the Resident Evil Movies don&#x27;t follow the
games exactly, but they do have elements of the game in the story. What
people need to understand is that the movies are taking the franchise
to a new level, it would be pointless to make a live action movie that
follows the game in every way. The movie versions are an adaptation of
the games and twists things to fit into a theatrical format. Resident
Evil: Afterlife does that well, by turning Alice back into the
character in the first movie, she kicks ass and keeps it human, rather
than super-human. The 3D was a new take on the series and I think it
was nice, but it would have been fine without it too. It seems that the
craze right now in movies is 3D, but some movies should go without it
and let the story bring in the audience not the gimmicks of 3D. The 3D
in RE:A was exceptional, but sometimes no surprise, like the Axe man
throwing the ax towards the screen. The movie takes place after RE:E
which is good that the movies follow close behind each other. The story
is basically Alice trying to find life after the world goes to hell.
Yes, there is zombies, but the focus of this movie is ending the
Umbrella Corporation. Many elements of this movie takes scenes from the
RE Games 4 &#x26; 5. Out of all the RE movies made this had more
similarities to the game than the previous films. People should
remember that these filmmakers make these films to entertain, so other
people that have negative things to say about this movie or any other
movie for that matter should shut up and enjoy the movie rather than
analyzing every little thing.
