2003_November 1 

Having just watched this film, for the first time in its entirety, I am
following yesterday's review for the sequel. Somehow I have managed to miss
this movie before, even though it is 24 years old (Couldn't they have waited
until 2004 for the 'traditional' anniversary release?) I didn't think I
would be writing this review as I said I only would do so if it was better
than 'Aliens'. Well, for those who watched it on its initial release, I
expect this is still held in higher regard. But, for me, 24 years later,
'Aliens' still has the edge. They are really quite different movies, in that
the sequel, as sequels generally tend to do, goes for all-out action, but
whereas most follow-ups pale in comparison to the original, 'Aliens'
actually goes one better, and does not lose sight of the importance of
tension, as well as the action. 'Alien' is a much slower film, filled with
tense creepy moments, and less mayhem. There are, after all, fewer crew
members to dispose of here. I was surprised that it didn't really look
dated, except when you see how young the cast look. The weakest 70s giveaway
is the occasionally inappropriate music. Other than that, it is still very
'contemporary' in its feel. Sigourney Weaver looks terrific and gradually
makes her presence felt as the tension mounts. I reckon I have watched the
first half before, but the final hour was unfamiliar to me. It is said that
all great thrillers, if the Alien films can be placed in that category as
well as horror and sci-fi, work better if the tension outweighs the graphic
depiction of events. On this level, 'Alien' is great, but 'Aliens' was as
tense, if not more so, and a terrif action movie to boot. So, whereas I gave
'Aliens' 9 out of 10, I award 8 out of 10 to the original.

