2003_April 18 

Alien is one of those movies that will stay with you for a long time
because
of its scaryness and eerieness as well. The script, story, actors,
Directing
and Special Effects are excellent. The story is simple as it follows a
routine Mothership on its way to earth is piloted toward an Unknown planet
with an unknown origin about it. When they land there they discover
mysetrious alien beings living down there when a smaller alien (Known as a
queen face hugger i believe) attaches himself to a crew member. Later in
the
film it comes off of him and the ship leaves the planet but, however the
Alien begins to take a form of its own by slaining each crew member as it
grows bigger. Only Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) can stop it from coming to
earth. The baby Alien coming out of Kane's chest is gross but a memorable
scene of what fear an Alien could bring. All of these elements in Alien
success with only one tiny problem the film kinda drags but it is
forgotten.
Sigourney Weaver does a great job potraing Lt. Ellen Ripley she would do a
wonderful job in the superior sequel Aliens. However this movie is the one
that started it so i think its the second best in the series because its
the
one that depended upon characters and the storyline. Director Ridley Scott
directs with a great visual appeal just like on many of his other films
and
H.R Giger's design really gives it that dark Alien quality to it you can
really believe it. I give Alien on a regular scale 4.5/5 and the 10 scale
a
9.5/10.
NOTE: Wait for a better edition on DVD there suppose to be releasing a
QUADRILOGY set with loads of extras luckily i didn't buy the Legacy set.

