2004_March 25 

First off, I want to say that &quot;Zoolander&quot; isn't a good movie and yes, it is
stupid. But that's what it's supposed to be! Do you actually think that Ben
thought this would win an Oscar? Hell no! His intention was to make people
laugh and he succeeded! This movie is hilarious! I laughed all the way
through and I was crying I was laughing so hard. Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson
were great in their roles as totally clueless male models. I loved how they
acted so stupid. I also loved how they acted like they hated each other
because Hansel (Wilson) had become famous and stole Derek's (Stiller)
popularity. It was cute to see them walk past each other and give dirty
looks. And the walk off scene was so funny. How could you not laugh?  What
made those scenes even more funny was that Stiller and Wilson are really
friends and they're trying to act like they hate each other. That's some
funny stuff!  Will Ferrell was his usual funny, talented, and absolutely
great self. He's one of my favorite Saturday Night Live alumnis. He seems to
make every role he plays funnier than he's actually supposed to be. He's
awesome. Ben's wife Christine Taylor was also great as Matilda and his
father Jerry Stiller brought much humor to his role as well. This movie is
stupid, yes, but it is definitely not the worst film ever made. It had some
great hilarious scenes and Derek and Hansel's stupidity was the funniest bit
of the movie. Ben wanted to make people laugh and he succeeded. But anyways.
I thought this movie was laugh out loud funny and thanks for reading my
review. 
