2012_March 13 
In a world where every space science-fiction movie seems to be inspired
by either Star Wars or Star Trek, it is interesting to see a film that
is not only cut from a different cloth, but interestingly enough
inspired the former films mentioned. The Barsoom series(John Carter
book series) is not a household brand, but is actually a historically
influential piece of sci-fi literature written by Edgar Rice Burroughs
(Tarzan) in the early 20th century. The series has had a huge impact on
not only science fiction, but also films in general as both George
Lucas and James Cameron have both stated that the stories of John
Carter had a significant influence on both Star Wars and Avatar
respectively. These movies have not only changed(for better or worse)
the way that movies are conceptualized, made, and sold in the last 40
years, but they have also inspired multiple generations of film makers
and film goers. Why does this little history lesson matter? It&#x27;s
important because John Carter has the unique opportunity(or challenge)
to both see how well it holds up after being written 100 years ago and
also an opportunity to see how much or how little its spiritual
successors have surpassed it. Another thing to consider about this film
is that it is being made by Disney, a company that has generally shied
away from live action science fiction. Can the house of mouse pull off
this classic sci-fi epic or should John Carter stay simply an influence
and inspiration?<br /><br />Read the Rest here: http://wp.me/p1tyJd-9w
