2000_June 26 

From the first time I saw this movie 15 years ago in the theater, I knew it
would be a classic. The film has all the major genres drama, adventure,
fantasy, and comedy. Boy was I right Back To The Future continues to get
numerous broadcast on cable networks especially TBS, I have probably watched
Back To The Future 100 times and I own a VHS copy. The reasons I find the
film so entertaining are first the wonderful acting of Michael J. Fox and
Lea Thompson, Michael J. Fox is always entertaining to watch due to his wit
and comedic ability. Lea Thompson is eye catching she has underrated beauty.
Second I first saw Back To The Future only by chance, I was going to see a
minor league baseball game, but due to a rain storm that caused the game to
be canceled me my father and uncle made a trip to the theater, despite being
a couple of minutes late, we still watched a delightful movie. Hey just as
in time travel things don't always go as planned. Hint: Back To The Future.
Finally Back To The Future is a tribute to any history buff, if your like
myself and enjoy the past it would be a dream come true to travel back in
time, especially to see your parents fall in love, see the shape of a
community and how it changed to the present, but to already know the
outcomes. Finally you must have drama and conflict in the past so you can
really enjoy your present state example: Marty's struggle to get his parents
to meet and fall in love and to get back to the future, and remember you
can't take the place of your father in the past it could be disastrous
Quote: of Dr. Brown. At last a movie for all ages to watch again and
again.
