2005_August 11 
Back to the Future is a movie I can guarantee you will enjoy. It starts
off when Marty McFly gets into a lot of trouble. Including with his
girlfriend and school (are you surprised?!). But then Marty realizes,
his best friend, a scientist who he calls 'doc', just invented a time
machine... and guess what? It actually works! But then something
happens. When he is about to go to the year 1955, doc is shot by
Libyain terrorists from whom he stole plutonium, the liquid that makes
the time machine work. Without any choices, Marty scrambles into the
car and... finds himself in the year 1955. But the story doesn't end
there. Marty accidentally stops his parents (who were teenagers then)
from meeting and falling in love with each other, and puts his life at
risk. Because if his parents never met, that means that they never had
any children. And if Marty doesn't get to get his parents to meet each
other.. it means that him and his brothers will simply disappear off
the face of the earth. Also, Marty and the young doc encounter another
problem. Marty needs to get back to the future, and he can't as
plutonium was barely known in the 1950s. So how will he do it? See and
find out! This movie is simply cool. Not only is it funny, it also has
an excellent script and dialog. I like the cast and the characters and
I also liked the set decoration. Nearly everything about this movie is
good. However, you have to pay full attention at the start to
understand what happens later. But that doesn't spoil it. Rating:
7.5/10
