1999_August 24 

July 3rd, 1985.  My all time fave is released and although I know most
everybody knows about the film, I must recap it one more time.  Fox is
Marty
McFly, a cool, confident teen who plays a mean guitar, rides a skateboard
like nobodys business, and has a sweet, pretty girlfriend.  One night in a
mall parking lot his life is disrupted while helping his older friend, Dr.
Brown (Lloyd, in a truly memorable performance).  The Doc is gunned down
and
Martys only escape from his own demise is to take off in Lloyds newly
created time machine, an awesome looking DeLorean.  He ends up in 1955,
when
his parents were his age and oops, he interferes with their first meeting.
And double oops, his mom has a crush on him!  Yuck!  The core of the film
is
his attempts to get them to fall for each other so that he'll exist in the
future, while avoiding run-ins with a bully named Biff (what else?). The
film is packed with one terrific scene after another; the skateboard chase,
Johnny B. Goode, George standing up to Biff, the clocktower sequence, I
could go on.  Two great songs from Huey Lewis and an exciting score from
Alan Silvestri add to the films greatness.  Fox, replacing the fired Eric
Stolz as Marty, is great, Lloyd is perfectly manic, Thompson is cute,
Glover
is a crack up, and Wilson's bully is right on target.  Two sequels
followed,
one in 89 one in 90, also an ok cartoon series and a lousy video game.
Though most might not be with me that this is the best ever, youd be hard
pressed to find anyone whod say this isnt one of the greats to come
along.
