2005_November 10 
This has got to be one of the coolest movies ever made and the pinnacle
of 80's popcorn cinema! High school teenager Marty McFly is sent back
to 1955 through a DeLorean time machine invented by his friend, nutty
scientist Doc Emmett Brown. Once there, he inadvertently changes the
course of time. He must now do everything he can in order to bring his
parents back together or he and his siblings will be erased from
existence. He must also fight off school bully Biff Tannen and
ultimately get back to the future. Director and co-writer Robert
Zemeckis gives us pure solid entertainment with excellent pacing,
likable characters, and a cleverly-written screenplay. The special
effects are also exceptional. Twenty years later, they still look fresh
and new. Zemeckis also succeeds in bringing to life an idealized and
nostalgic 1950's look. Furthermore, the movie is filled with great
performances. Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd are superb and have
great chemistry together. Crispin Glover, Lea Thompson, and Thomas F.
Wilson are also splendid in their underrated performances. Alan
Silvetri's musical score and a couple of songs from Huey Lewis and the
News are also enjoyable and serve their purpose to heighten the
excitement. This is such a great movie for people of all ages. It
personally holds a special place in my heart because of the fond
memories it brings. I've seen it countless times since I was a kid and
it never gets tiring. A must see for all!
