2006_February 5 
I&#39;ll take this opportunity to discuss all three BTTF&#39;s and must i say
what i regard as some of the best films ever made. Moreover, they kept
the cast the same for all 3 movies, and each adventure was magnificent.
The jokes (the whole script), the cast, the stories and just about
everything else was great. Lets talk actors first. Michael J Fox and
Christopher Lloyd. Some of the finest actors in movie history. It&#39;s
really sad though how someone as good as MJF contracted parkinson&#39;s
disease. He really deserves to be acting still and in some other great
films Robert Zemeckis and Steven Spielberg knew exactly what they were
doing when they got the cast together and they certainly did not make
any mistakes. Now Christopher Lloyd. Another damn good actor and again
a shame why we haven&#39;t seen him in some more prominent movie roles
since. Same can be said for Thomas Wilson who played the part of Biff
exceptionally well - in the present, past and future. Quick word on the
pun&#39;s - they were very well thought out. Life preserve, tabs, pepsi
free. Ring any bells??? and thats only some of the more memorable. So
pleased the trilogy has been given another DVD release - some ultimate
edition (4 disc set). Lets not forget - 21 years ago now and what a
sublime achievement. I will continue to watch these films forever, they
are simply that good. SOMETHING VERY VERY VERY SPECIAL AND NOT TO BE
REPEATED.
