2010_July 23 
Through it and after it, and still amazed by the way this film has just
got incepted into my mind..credit should go to the creator..hey this
man has already proved himself!!..,getting a comic knighted to the top
of drama with some unfound magic but where on earth does he again find
a way to pull out yet another gem..?god knws!! i am convinced to be
ready for many many more gems...the force that planted this idea into
his head might still be a dream but it does deserve the kick and a wake
up from the limbo be given a gud bunch of Oscars..its unbelievable how
nolan did keep everyone on the edge of their seats, when even at the
very quaters of the movie one wuld just realize its all just a
dream...the levels are all so well knitted..his direction has out shone
just about everything else in the movie...nolan had to compromise a bit
on time for the characters to take wholesome lime light in 148mins of
one hell of task to race with 50yrs of dream in little flight...but not
to mention every single cast had put out a stellar performance..deserve
a gr8 applause ..the idea of love not to last in a film but beyond
dreams is just so touching...its quite a fate for di caprio to lose
love in epic films..but here too nolan might have just left a small
chance...a spinning tortem right at the end..just awesome..i would be
punished for years in limbo tonight if ts not a full 10/10 for this one
mindblowing masterpiece!!..
