2010_July 19 
This is by far the best movie I have ever seen in my entire life!
Inception has all the elements of a romance, action, adventure, horror,
sci-fi everything kind of feel with a perfect story to go with it! The
Characters are all great and play a strong role in this film plus the
acting given off by all of these actors is spot on great! My favorite
character was of course Cobb played by the great Leondardo DiCaprio but
I found the most interesting and developed characters to be Adriane and
Robert Fischer Jr. who learn about the dream world and Inception as we
grow along with them throughout the whole movie and all of the
characters in this film are likable and honest to god great! The Story
is quite complex as we learn a majority of how Inception, stealing an
idea and the dream world is greatly explained in many scenes as well as
the presence of one character that we see whenever she comes on screen
giving us chills. Without giving to much away we learn and never get
bored of the movie at all! The Cinematography is beautiful as well as
the Special Effects in which they are never used to much, thank god for
a movie that works real then fake! The music is great and I adore
listening to it during the movie but everything in the film is perfect
and wonderful! Overall go see this film! I have never been so impressed
by a film with its writing, style and look in such a long time. This
film is a Masterpiece.
