2010_July 22 
I cant remember anything that had such an immediate positive impression
on me since i saw Blade Runner back in 1982, this is an extremely
complicated film which is built on a simple premise, the notion that
information and ideas can be accessed through dreams and the
manipulation of those dreams.There are professionals who provide their
services to get information through this method for those who will pay,
as a plot not startling, its the execution of the concept that is a
triumph, its like saying blade runner is a film about synthetic people
being hunted by a professional killer, doesn&#x27;t sound like much of a
film , you just have to see it to understand the depth that can come
from such ideas.Thats where inception scores highly for me, yes
visually its brilliant and full of action, but there is so much more in
the plot than eye candy, what is reality, is it what is in our heads,
what we experience through physical environment, emotion, are we here
at all or just a construct from another mind,for me it asked a lot of
engaging questions while never forgetting to entertain, i have seen
some reviews saying this film is a mess, it is complicated sure but
there is a coherent thread that runs throughout the film, the
criticisms that some of the dreamscapes are illogical is misguided
because of course anything is possible in a dream, i think people who
like 12 monkeys will enjoy this film, as a reasonable comparison in
complexity of plot and entertainment value, although i would say this
is more cerebral than 12 monkeys, anyway i think anyone who enjoys
thought provoking entertaining and intelligent film making will get
pleasure from seeing this movie.
