2010_July 23 
I am beating myself up because I fell for the hype. Unfortunately I
spend money on that nightmare, next time I go to a movie which has been
so hyped I make sure it is a free screening. It is a nightmare. If you
have these kinds of dreams you are a deeply disturbed person. Shooting,
car crashes, explosions, shootings, car crashes, explosions that is all
that troubled soul dreams about. I usually do not go to movies
consisting of shootings, explosions, car crashes and crumbling
buildings. Only when I really feel that a movie gives a realistic
rendering of war will I go and see such a movie because I am trying to
understand that part of human nature. <br /><br />But I went. It was hot and I thought it would be nice to sit in a cool
movie theater. Well first the movie theater was warm and I had to fight
to stay awake , then they switched the air-conditioning on high and we
all got frozen. I was hanging in checking my watch every three minutes
and hoping that eventually I would see that great movie people were
raving about. Nothing. After 148 painful and boring minutes I tried to
getup and leave but was frozen stiff and it took me a few seconds to
get moving. The credits had just started rolling but the movie theater
was already empty, obviously everybody could not wait to leave. There
were only a few people anyway in the afternoon show. This was my first
movie in eight months because there was absolutely nothing worthwhile
seeing in the theaters nearby. I love to go to the movies and I love
the big screen so when the ticket lady asked me if I wanted XP I said
yes. I was disappointed by that too. Not worth the money. Hopefully
there will some movie I want to see in the coming months, otherwise I
will stick to books.
