2010_October 31 
As an American Indian i was raised, unlike modern people, with a deep
ceremonial experience with dreaming. Every idea in modern society seems
to diminish the natural ability of people to dream and to remember what
they dream. A film like this exploits the natural interest people have
in dreams to tell an impossible story. As entertainment it is passable,
even interesting...as information on dreaming it is not only worthless,
it takes the mind away from any hope of effective dreaming. This is the
toxic nature of the film-making experience, where we see reality in
such a skewed and unreliable way that we no longer understand reality.
Human society has surrendered its powers to dream to the church, to the
university, to the corporate paymaster and so modern life is for most
people dreamless. Given an opportunity to bring some great idea about
dreaming to the screen, the filmmakers instead make a fantasy that is
complicated, over-acted and so unrealistic I am just amazed that so
many dreamless people have given it such a high rating. Dreaming takes
place inside the human spirit, real dreaming takes place among groups
of people. But people no longer know this. Dreaming evolved in the
human mind from the many thousands of generations people spent living
and sleeping together...which they no longer do. As an experienced
dreamer I think this film is useless. As one who likes a good film, I
think it is useless. Modern people just don&#x27;t get it, and this sadness
is the major component in the new world order.
