2000_September 22 

I read only negative critics about this movie and I don't confirm that. I
found it very interesting. I was even often laughing where everybody in the
cinema around me were silent!! I have to admit that I had big questions
after watching it but this is usual for the most movies of Wim Wenders.
Anyway he is the director from whom I watched the biggest number of movies.
Some crazy people (in a way or another) live in the Million Dollar Hotel
where everything took place. At the end I was asking myself whether they
were crazy at all. I even felt that inhabitants of this hotel are an
allegory on the whole crazy world! Or maybe they were sane and the others
were insane!! There was certainly a critic about many aspects of the life in
USA. It is for instance certainly not a coincidence that a personality in
this happens to be a big Jewish media boss who manipulates the FBI and the
Media in the way he wants!! Why was the FBI agent a half cripple? The were
many other questions. One thing is sure, and that is that I was not  bored
at all. The photography was great as expected from W. Wenders. The music is
also very nice and U2 (or Bono) put a lot of their (his) talent inside it. I
surely should not forget the actors. They acted all very good and in a
persuasive manner. Anyhow I expect that many people wouldn't like. It
doesn't have the typical kind of stories that are generally common and
beloved by the most of the public but it is right variety for
me.
