2002_January 7 

Luc Besson's film about the life of the relatively recently sainted Joan
of
Arc is remarkably muddled.  It is never seems to know what it wants to say
about it's heroine.  That isn't necessarily bad if it is intended but in
this film it doesn't work.  Visually, of course, it is beautiful, but Luc
Besson can do that in his sleep. It is the muddled content that I have a
problem with. We are given no real window into the mind of Joan, and the
manner in which we experience her religious revelations doesn't really
allow
us to question them in the way many of the other characters do.  It could
be
argued that in certain key sequences Besson does encourage us to doubt her
visions or at least her interpretation. So I will leave that aside. And
maybe I am also hung up on the films lack of perspective on Joan herself.
It never takes a clear stance on what it thinks of her. Great hero? Or
maybe
flawed angry woman (whose main goal is revenge) who so wants to drive the
English out of France she will find the signs from God to do it. I think
this latter vision is the one we are intended to adopt.  The only really
inspired portion of the film (the talk between Joan and God) leads us to
this postition.  I wonder if the whole idea for the film didn't start with
this scene between Joan and God (who is played wonderfully by Dustin
Hoffman, critical, somewhat cruel, witty (a trait not often allowed by
screenwriters), maybe caring in the way of parents).  I wonder if the film
might not have played better as a 45 or 30 minute short film revolving
around the key scenes with God and Joan.
I have one other complaint, and this one may seem petty. Why not go with
the
French language for a film about french history instead of English with
french accents?
