2011_July 11 
I originally was attracted to this film because of the title and the
summary given on the main page. The underlying idea of the movie was an
inherently good one that the world is filled with many evils which in
some cases require desperate measures to overcome, however this noble
belief is lost within the gore and total loss of moral values. I am not
against violence and sex in movies but that is not what we see here.
This movie crosses a moral line that no self respecting director would
ever cross. A mother and her baby are murdered with a Molotov cocktail,
a school bus full of children is burned to death by a flamethrower,
doctors in a hospital who do nothing to the antagonists are mutilated
for just being in the way. This is disgusting and atrocious the best
description of this picture is someone making a dramatic recreation of
someones rampage in the video game grand theft auto. But even grand
theft auto has some class as well as moral boundaries and does not
allow for the mutilation of innocent babies and children. Often main
characters are injured but the way in which I wonder how this movie
didn&#x27;t gain an NC-17rating its almost on the level of a snuff film.
Furthermore I can&#x27;t see why constantly maiming the female lead in such
horrifying ways is integral to the plot. The worst thing about this
movie is the sick and twisted nature of this movie leads me to believe
the individuals responsible for its conception must have sadistic minds
and should be forced to take a mental evaluation to determine if they
are in fact serial killers. Finally there is no way that the good
people of IMDb can explain to me how this is art and deserves a 6.5
rating while even movies with ratings lower than a 2 don&#x27;t involve
babies being burned. I implore you IMDb lower the rating so that in no
way you promote this inhumanity do not display its trailers at all I do
not even believe this material is suitable for children of age 17
