2004_October 5 

Fight Club is one of the greatest contemporary films ever, directed by
one of the great contemporary directors of our time. (David Fincher).
Based on the Chuck Palahniuk book of the same title, it is a coming of
age story for people who are still coming of age in their thirty's. Our
main character, who i will refer to as narrator (Norton), is a man on
the edge of sanity. His job carries him all over the world, and because
of it he cannot sleep. His airport to hotel lifestyle brings many new
friends, including one special one. Tyler Durden (Pitt), is a sick,
delinquent free-spirit who is just full of meaningful quotes and
useful information. Their relashonship grows, and Tyler's influence
over the narrator becomes powerful. Together they start FIGHT CLUB, an
underground bare-knuckle boxing arena where blue-collar slaves may come
and truly live. Their journey together goes through making soap,
grand-scale vandalism, chemical burns, and city blocks reduced to
rubble. As the narrator discovers more about himself, he discovers the
secret about Tyler. The twist in fight club will send you into
whiplash, then make you rethink the entire movie, and its meaning. It
is the only movie in my collection that i can watch again and again and
every time discover more about the characters, and more about my own
life. I have used the movie as a source for many of my college essays,
that's how impactful it is. Fight Club will stand the test of time as
one of the greatest contemporary films ever.<br /><br />&quot;Its only after you've lost everything; that you're free to do
anything&quot;

