2001_February 22 

When I first saw the movie trailer of Fight Club, I thought that this has
some potential to be a good movie.  But... I didn't get to see this movie
because of a hectic schedule that I set myself up for.  Exhausted, I
stopped
following my schedule a few months later.  I went out, got myself a
membership to a local video store and decided to become an instant movie
buff and got a whole bunch of newly released video tapes.  Out of all the
movies I saw, Fight Club stood out and was the only movie that I repeated
over and over.  I knew about the great actors, interesting idea and the
violence of this movie, but I was shocked to find a thought-provoking and
breathtaking film.  I have seen hundreds of movies before this and I was
impressed to say the least.  This is the most relevant movie for me.  Like
the main character, (played effortlessly by Edward Norton) I also was and
still is suffering from insomnia and also from, what looks to be the same
reasons as he was.  He was suffering and needed something in his life.  He
meets Tyler Durden (seemingly played with great ease by Brad Pitt) in a
plane trip and becomes his new best friend.  Together, they develop Fight
Club (self-explanatory isn't it?).  I will not say more about this movie
because I want people who haven't seen this to not know what to expect
like
I did when I watched this film.  The surprise does help give the film the
feeling that it needs.  Not a film for everyone due to excessive violence,
sex and gore ,but for anyone who can stand it all and hasn't seen it yet,
watch it!
