2000_April 30 

Fight Club is definitely one of the best movies ever created for the big
screen. It is totally worth seeing because the movie is completely
original.
You will never see another film that is quite like this. The acting is
absolutely superb. Edward Norton is fantastic as the narrator and Brad Pitt
is in peak performance for the film. Anyone that loves a twist at the end
of
a movie will be blown away by this movie. I know that I was. I sat around
for at least 3 full hours just pondering all the events that went on
leading
up to the big surprise.<br /><br />Perhaps the best part of the movie is its views on life. I think that every
person can find an emotion in one of the characters that he/she can relate
to. Everyone that sees it should have a special connection with one of the
characters or the way they think. Also, the fact that the movie lashes out
against conformism makes it even more special to me. I pride myself on not
being a corporate slave to the Man and this movie sticks it to him.  I
loved
this movie and I think that everyone should see it and try to somehow
relate
to it. I think it can change your life if you let it. To those who did not
enjoy the movie, I urge you to go back and see it again. Not because you
may
be tortured by it, but because you may have not gotten the message that the
movie gave off. If I could put this movie on a 10 point scale, It would get
a 9.5/10. It's really that good.
P.S.- If you see it, rewatch the last 10-30 seconds of it in slow motion
and
you will get a surprise!
