2003_September 10 

In an era of movies where chick flicks come out by the hundreds, It is
good
to know that a macho movie with balls can have an impact. This film is
phenemonial on EVERY level. This film tells the story a middle class
nobody(Edward Norton, in an amazing performance) who suffers from
insomnia
and has no direction in his life. One day , he meets a man named Tyler
Durden(Brad Pitt in the best performance of his career) who is
charismatic
and wild. These two men form Fight Club for men like themselves: lonely,
desperate men who seek some kind of enlightenment by fighting one
another.
Winner and loser do not matter at Fight Club, the only thing that
mattered
was finding yourself. This is my favorite movie. This is one of the
greatest
guy movies of all time. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt give out first rate
performances. Helena Bonham Carter also turns in a good performance as
Marla,
a crazy women who , for the some reason, Jack (Edward Norton) keeps
meeting
up with. This is the kind of movie for a male audience. Women who hate
this
film are the same women who love Titanic, a joke of a movie. Brad Pitt
gives
the best performance.Despite his rather LARGE female following, Brad
caters
to his male audience in this film. I am sure he knows that his name has
become synonimus with attractiveness, so he tries to distance himself
from
that image. It is obvious that he cares more for his male fanbase and
delivers a top notch performance for them. Bottom line: WATCH THIS
MOVIE
10 out of 10 stars
