1999_December 11 

When I first saw the trailers I thought it was just another shallow boys'
punch-up glorifying violence and destruction. When I read the interviews
with Brad Pitt, I was intrigued. Firstly because they were the first
interviews that showed Pitt's depth and secondly since they made it clear
that Fight Club is a clever and incisive critique of violence and so much
that's wrong with consumerism.  I loved every second of the film right up
to
the last 15 minutes or so.  While the ending may work for some viewers, for
me, it just seemed lazy and lame, after the precision, chutzpah and
self-knowledge of the rest of the film.  It's one of the most original
stories I've come across in a long time. I'll read the book and then see
the
film again. The acting is superb and the three leads seem to be really
enjoying themselves too. Meatloaf is also a revelation and quite endearing.
The film is gripping and I had a sense of holding on while it stormed
ahead,
trying to pay attention, not wanting to miss anything. There are so many
little treats and rewards for viewers who pick up on detail. I'll obviously
pick up more the second time around. In case anyone is thinking the film is
just an excuse to watch brawling, I can say without spoiling anything that
the plot raises lots of issues I think really need to be faced right now -
the numbness and emptiness of being seduced by consumerism, gender identity
and loads more. I think it delivers its critique of these points to exactly
the people who need to seem them, sitting in a multiplex wearing their
Nikes
and Calvins etc. A very challenging, harsh, funny film that's weirdly
interactive somehow.   
