2000_July 16 

Anyone who ever had to transform himself into someone different just to
bear
living his life could relate to this film. We first do it the way we have
been told to ie, transforming our savage little selves by enduring extra
years of school, working hard, being polite and impressing the boss. We
figure out the right clothes, car, furniture, physique and get the haircut.
We pick up the friends and lovers we need to combat loneliness. The Edward
Norton narrator does all this, surpassing the standards set by his absentee
father, but it turns him into a good-boy insomniac begging his Doctor for
sleep pills, so what's the next step? He stumbles onto ten step meetings
thereby, under a number of false names and identities, encountering his
cute
penguin power(less) animal, a freaky but devastated, real and interesting
group of people and he meets a woman who models self-destruction, Helena
Bonham Carter Extraordinaire. In his search for a fulfilling self, the
destruction of the old self is imperative. Letting go is imperative. He
meets someone he'd rather be, a bad boy, Brad Pitt. They break rules, they
fight, they seek clarity, they shun comfort, not so much to serve
themselves, although they are served in the process, but to see what will
make anyone feel alive. Through trial and error they destroy and they
create. Pushing themselves past the edge of sanity, do they make it back or
don't they, and what is it exactly, that sanity is? For anyone who wants
more this is the movie to see.      
