2000_August 20 

One of the best things about this movie is the ending. Although a lot of my
friends thought it was boring during the first hour I thought it added a lot
to the movie. Through the first hour you get to focus on Edward Nortons
character. You get to learn of his insomnia problems and his large friend
named Bob during his testicular cancer session. Although Edward Norton
doesn't have brain cell problems, testicular cancer, or lung disease he goes
there to reach out to people and cry, the crying helps him sleep. One day a
young women named Martha Singer come into his testicular cancer session and
starts following him to all his little sessions. He has already found out
that shes a big faker like him. Well since theres another faker in the group
he starts to not be able to sleep again. One day when he is on a plane back
home he meets Tyler. Tyler Durden is what Norton reffers to as a single
serving friend(a person you meet on a plane, then have your nice little talk
and never see each other again). Tyler Durden(Brad Pitt) is in the soaping
business and sells it to the big soap type stores. When they get of the
plane, Norton gets his bag but the cops took it in for inspection. The man
at the front desk said it was probably an electric razor. When Norton goes
to his appartment, he sees that it was burnt, all of it. Norton calls Tyler
and meets him at a bar. Norton asks Tyler if he can stay with him, Tyler
agrees. Out side the bar Tyler asks Norton to punch him. After he does they
get into a big fight. The rest you will have to see. I would deffinitley
recommend this movie to any movie buff, but be warned it is not for the
squimish. R-strong language,graphic and disturbing fight
images,nudity,sexuality,and adult content.
