2000_June 5 

Consumerism is a mentality espoused by corporations and
the American media that teaches us to embrace advertising
and marketing, and to spend money frequently on frivolous,
trendy merchandise from multinational corporations rather
than buy locally, save, or spend wisely.  Consumerism is
very much an addiction: we endlessly buy worthless junk
and status symbols to find happiness; spending is
spiritual and shopping malls are the temples.
Fight Club, surprisingly, recognizes and sketches this
premise out on a magnificent scale (shocking considering
this was released by Fox).  Our main character is a slave
to the corporate machine and spends his money on trinkets
and trendy furniture.  His spiritual quest for happiness
leads him to support groups and finally, in an odd turn
of
events, to fighting, which although providing a temporary
high, takes our characters to rock bottom.  At that point
the suspension of disbelief unravels and the film wanders,
tossing the audience a lame succession of improbable
conspiracies, psychologies, and ridiculous plot twists
(essentially turning into &quot;The Game&quot;).  Sorry, I don't buy
it.

