2004_September 12 

Sometimes you just want to sit back and have fun at the theatre.
Resident Evil: Apocalypse isn't going to win any awards at the Oscar's,
but why do critics always make it seem like the only movies worth
watching are ones with symbolism and deep, hidden meanings? This has
got all the ingredients for an awesome horror/action flick (hot chicks
kicking zombie ass, explosions, and of course plenty of gore). Milla
Jovovich returns to her role as Alice, a former employee of the
multi-billion dollar Umbrella corporation. She was altered by Umbrella
to be a kind of super-human (she can now run down buildings, jump about
30 feet into the air, and has the strength of twenty men). Fans of the
video game will be happy to see Jill Valentine and Carlos Oliviera,
characters from the actual game, making their appearance here. The
pacing of the movie is nearly perfect, and there's even some
much-needed comic relief. But perhaps the greatest achievement of the
film is Nemesis, a bioweapon created by Umbrella to hunt and kill
S.T.A.R.S. members (Special Tactics and Rescue Squad). He is a
monstrosity who can only be challenged by the super-human Alice. As
anyone who has played Resident Evil 3 knows, you don't want Nemesis
after you. Overall, this game is a huge treat for fans of the Resident
Evil video game series, fans of the original Resident Evil movie, or
fans of the horror/action genre. Now go see it!!

