2005_March 19 
Resident Evil 2 has plenty of action but that's about it, also its
better then the original. Continuing the story begun in 2002's Resident
Evil, Alice (Milla Jovovich) has escaped from the lab in which she was
held, only to discover that the deadly virus that infected the Umbrella
Corp. labs has been unleashed on Raccoon City. Along with a few other
survivors, she must fight off zombies and a deadly creature called
Nemesis. I don't know how closely the film follows the game but the
plot seems a little weak. The best thing this film has going for it is
that it has a beautiful lead and the action isn't bad. Milla Jovovich
does a pretty good job as Alice and she's a strong and beautiful woman.
The rest of the cast is a little weak with the exception being Mike
Epps since he has a lot of funny lines. The other main part of the cast
is Sienna Guillory and she may be pretty but her acting isn't very
good. There's also a new director Alexander Witt and he makes more of
an action movie then a horror movie but he still does a better job then
Paul W.S. Anderson. The script was poorly written and needed a lot of
work as there are a lot of unanswered questions. Besides for Mike Epps
lines the dialog is lame and the film is also boring even with a short
running time of 94 minutes.The special effects are done well and with a
better script this could have been a lot better. I think this film is
better then the original but only by a little. Rating 5/10 some cool
action scenes but not really worth watching.
