2004_November 14 
I have to admit it: I enjoyed this movie. Being a huge fan of the
original video game saga (and a major horror fan) I was pretty
disappointed by the previous first chapter: Anderson's approach was too
much aseptic, more of a sci-fi thriller than a Gothic horror (with
splatter, of course) as it should be. Besides, the fact that no-one of
the original characters was in didn't help. Instead with the sequel
everything was clear even before it reached the theaters: they don't
want to do - with this particular franchise- horror movies with action
twists, but action flick with a little (but very little indeed) horror
taste. It makes me angry, but what I can do? This is what we get.
Dreaming about what George A. Romero could have done is futile. Luckily,
this second installment is really like a video game: you just have to
sit down, turn your brain to stand-by and enjoy it. This is a real
pop-corn movie with comic-like character, impossible action scenes
(some could say &quot;cool&quot;...) and stylish direction. BTW, Witt's style
isn't bad: he abuses of the strobo effect and stays too close to the
characters in the fighting scenes (so you don't understand quiet
anything), but besides this flaws it works. Very good the
cinematography: it really gives the idea of wet, cold and dirty. The
story has some holes, but who cares? Like I said, it's really a
video game. Again, very funny. But if you're looking for a real horror
picture you've chosen the wrong door.
