2004_September 10 

This movie serves well than it's predecessor 'Resident Evil.' The usual
scary, gory scenes are still evident especially with it's sound effects
that'll leave viewers (like myself) backed up a bit on their seats. A
few upgrades here and there with the enemies, including 'Nemesis',
which I thought was extremely cool as the ultimate baddie. As if he's
almost as indestructible as Schwarzenegger's Terminator right up until
the very end. The character of Alice seems to be determined than ever
after receiving an anti-mutation injection from doctors. She kicks butt
right from the get go after escaping the lab. Then she teams up with
everyone including the likes of Jill Valentine, who is one of the RE
video game's characters. From there, they work out with the rest of
what's left in the group. Mike Epps is wonderful as the comic relief of
the movie along with Oded Fehr who plays Oliveras. They all try to find
a way out of Raccoon City with the help of a little girl and her
father,and steering themselves clear from a corrupt Umbrella Corp.
official who wants to leave them all for dead along with the rest of
the population. The movie overall might bring about the gory, violent
conflicts throughout the whole duration, but the last 20 minutes of the
film will bring you all a sigh of relief, for sure, as well as a new
story angle in the works perhaps. At least, it beats the first movie's
ending definitely. ***1/2 out of 5 stars.

