2010_June 9 
First let me be honest, at first I was kind of scared with the Resident
Evil films, I mean with all of them, I saw the trailers but I was never
brave enough to go and see them until I played Resident Evil 4, which I
totally enjoyed, after this I decided that I was going to watch the
films. Resident Evil: Apocalypse was the first one I watched before the
first and before the third, and I think It was better this way because
thanks to Resident Evil 4 I knew the story of Raccoon City, the
incident, the outbreak, which are detailed in this film. Therefore as
soon as I started watching this film I was familiar with the story.<br /><br />Now lets go into the film. I liked it better than the first one which I
watch after seeing this one. This film has more action, better effects,
good acting, and it was a more suspenseful. I liked better the plot in
this film, it was more exiting and this film is at least more related
to the game having Nemesis, Jill Valentine, Carlos Oliveira, Raccoon
City, the first one was only related because it had the T-Virus, and
Zombies. Overall this film has better effects, a better plot, more
horror, it kept me there interested from beginning to end, I always
watch it on TV when I have a chance. Better than the first one and it
is worth watching, it is really cool. The only thing that could be
better is the adaptation of the characters from the game, they had to
get actors that looked more like the characters or at least make the
actors they have look more like the characters, but regardless of this
it still is a great film. 8/10. Do not be scared to watch it,
especially if you played the games.
