2005_February 18 
&quot;My name is Alice, and I remember everything.&quot; and so will i remember
everything about this movie for a very long time. Resident Evil,
Apocalypse is an above average action movie. one scene, for example,
has Alice running away from Nemesis. the whole entire time i was at the
edge of my seat wondering what was going to happen next, and i got
another treat from the next scene as well. there was another thing that
made this movie, in my eyes, the best killer of ninety minutes. i am a
big fan of the resident evil video games, and one thing disappointed me
about them. there were no damn zombie children. this movie fixed that
though. in one scene, a character is exploring the city middle school,
looking for another character. when the character enters one room, a
crowd of moaning zombie children came running for the character,
tearing them apart with their teeth! one thing that was bad about the
movie is all the characters are stereotypical. there is the bad ass
chick, the bad ass dude, the pity full funny dude, the determined news
reporter, and wait for it..... another bad ass chick. the characters
never really change during the movie ether. and there is another thing.
if u r looking for a scary thriller, this isn't your cup of tea.
although there is a couple suspenseful parts in the movie, it is more
of an action flick than anything else. and a pretty damn good action
flick. if you r looking for a powerful, action packed action movie,
this is a good time killer for you to watch with your buddies. i will
give it an eight out of ten. (warning: this movie is not for children
;-))
