2004_November 29 
Michel Gondry is without question a peerless craftsman. His commitment
to visual excitement is unmatched. Charles Kaufman seems to be opposite
of Gondry in many ways. Whereas his meandering storytelling allows for
lots of visual experiments, it leaves a lot to be desired in
congruency. Kaufman writes weak stories - but he is big on &quot;wonderment&quot;
- which would make teaming up with Spielberg a big payday for him. This
movie is pseudo- intellectual in that is obviously inspired by a random
quote from an obscure 18th century British poet. I am not convinced
that the writer is some authority on Alexander Pope. The films premise
is stunted because the driving force behind it should be the 'memory
erasing technology', which is never defined for the audience. In the
1981 Ridley Scott film Blade Runner, there is a defined concept of
memory remnants that are artificially installed in human(oid) replicas.
Having clearly defined a thriving world of cloning in a neo-futuristic
setting the audience is comfortable with whatever grows from (that)
backbone of reason. Being categorised as a COMEDY does not exempt
'SPOTLESS' from this crucible of relevance. Thus the film is a failure
in this regard. Jim Carey is perfect as the protagonist/victim; Kate
Winslet looks great suppressing her upper-British accent; Kirsten Dunst
and the other supporting cast are seemingly contrived and annoying for
the most part. Once again, Gondry prevails here having his way, flexing
his visual muscle. A director's film for sure .
