2007_January 18 
When I first sat down and started this one at home I did not know what
to expect. The great reviews puzzled me, because I had the impression
that this was just another feel-good drama movie like so many other
average movies. This turned out to be completely wrong, it was deep,
honest, touching and uplifting. This movie represents the wish for a
chance either to forget the mistakes of the past, or to turn things
right again and give it one more chance. This wishful thinking is not
at all sugar sweet as one could imagine, but it is deep, realistic and
surprising. You do not know what is going to happen, and you sit there
and suffer with the characters throughout the movie, just hoping that
things will turn out OK. The ending really gets to you and was for me
quite surprising in its own way. The actors deliver an astonishing
performance each of them, most of all the comedy-guru Jim Carrey, which
I would have thought could not be taken that seriously. Kate Winslet
basically just nails it spot-on and the rest of the crew (Kirsten
Dunst, Elijah Wood and so on.) gives the movie life and content outside
the main-characters lives too. The movie is from start to finish
puzzling, dramatic and for many confusing. The composing of the movie
and the use of time and special effects gives this movie the last extra
spice. All in all a movie of top quality with everything this kind of
movie needs and also some original adds from the creative and
enthusiastic director. 8.5 / 10
