2007_April 6 
This movie is wonderful in so many ways it cannot be explained. The
acting, the story and the way it has been told are so original and
refreshing that it makes you want to learn the entire movie by heart.
The two main characters of the movie represent, for me, the excellent
archetypes of the modern day man and women. A man that is cold and
closed in his world, unable to communicate with other people and
isolated in his gray life of getting to work, working and going back
home and an impulsive and sensitive women that is always looking for
ways to live her life to the fullest extend, fall in love to each
other. The problems that happen later start happening simply because of
this differences and the relationship suddenly ends when Clementine
impulsively decides to erase Joel from her memory. What Joel then does
is the begging of the movie. He is unable to cope with the fact that
someone he loves has completely erased him from his life and decides to
do the same. But during the procedure of erasing he suddenly realizes
that those memories are to important to him, that he really wants to
continue loving Clementine and that he needs to start fighting for the
love he haves. A the end the couple get together again but this time
aware that relationships are something you need to fight for in order
to work and that life will never get perfect. I think this movie will
become a true classic.
