2004_December 28 
The fundamental problem with Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind is
that, unlike the other films made from Charlie Kaufman's original
screenplays - Adaptation, Being John Malkovich - there's really
basically only one idea at work here. The acting is excellent (probably
the best work that Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet have ever done, and
kudos to the great English character actor Tom Wilkinson), the digital
effects are great, and the elliptical plot is quite emotionally moving
for something so clever, but once you know what's going on (and i'm not
going to ruin it by saying what it is) then all you can do is sit back
and wait for the Halloweenish funfair ride to finish. The great thing
about seeing Being John Malkovich for the first time was the sheer
mind-blowing inventiveness of the story, which left you constantly
wondering what the hell was going to happen next; and likewise for
Adaptation, which was just as original but had even more layers upon
layers and circles within circles that Kaufman's laser beam of a brain
always managed to refer back to the various disparate threads of the
plot(s) without letting the whole thing dissolve into a self-canceling
tangled mess. Even though the ideas and the intellect on display in the
writing of these films are dazzling in their brilliance they still
manage to move your heart as well as your brain, and while Eternal
Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind will also make you laugh out loud at
certain scenes and (possibly) cry in others, it's my opinion that maybe
if Spike Jonze - who directed Adaptation and Malkovich - had directed
this one as well then he would have pushed Kaufman creatively a bit
more, because by halfway through the movie you pretty much know what's
going to happen for the rest of it. I did really enjoy it but i'm
looking forward even more to the next Charlie Kaufman/Spike Jonze
collaboration which is currently in production.
