2005_April 2 
My best picture of 2004 is a love story in reverse as a man attempts to
erase his lover. As with Memento, this movie would work backwards,
forwards, and sideways. It is an extremely well written character piece
with a lot of wit and intelligence about how some things can't be
erased. Joel and Clem, well played by Jim Carrey(snubbed again by
Oscar) and Kate Winslet, are two full, distinct characters. Joel is a
completely average man with nothing to lose who sees only the flaws in
himself. Clem is seemingly the opposite, a lively, one of a kind woman
who ignores or drowns what is wrong with herself. One of the many great
aspects of this movie is the idea that there are little things that we
say and do that expose us more than we could ever imagine, that are
only recognized in hindsight. These two people, who seem so different,
are really two sides of the same coin when you examine them more
closely. Clem becomes more like Joel as he attempts to be more like
her. This pegs the idea that everyone is in a state of flux with
certain characteristics emerging and receding at will. Then, there is
the oily Patrick, who uses Joel's memories to seduce Clem. Who hasn't
thought, when they liked a girl or a guy who was with someone, that if
they could just do what that person does, that they could be the one? I
know I have thought that before. The ending is amazing. Unlike other
romantic films which tend to make a union seem so easy, this movie's
ending isn't full of hope, but it is completely natural ending for this
shaky couple. This script is nothing short of mind boggling in it's
depth and is brought to vivid life by the stellar cast. I wasn't a big
fan of Being John Malcovich or Human Nature, but I was intrigued by
Adaptation and I am won over by Charlie Kaufman with Eternal Sunshine
of the Spotless Mind. I can't wait to see what he will come up with
next.
