2004_October 30 
The Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind, although being somewhat
dramatic throughout, is nothing than a feel-good movie in the end. What
I liked most about the film, were the beginning and the ending.
Especially the beginning though, I think, which was very romantic and
well made. But the ending was good as well, because it did more than
conclude the somewhat weird happening from the middle of the film, it
provided a sort of a morale, a tip maybe for people in love and for
couples all over the world (or is that just me who got that feeling?).
As for the middle of the film, it was a tad weaker than the beginning
and the end, yet in it's numerous &quot;rehearsals&quot; of the same it never
bored or dragged as it might have if there had been worse actors or a
worse director. As far as the latter is concerned, he did a good job,
but WHAT ABOUT THE ACTORS? Damn, they were great. Well they were all
good, and Kate Winslet was great. Maybe it has to do with me being a
bloke, or me thinking she is sexy or maybe I just have a bit on a crush
on her (or maybe I'm delirious RIGHT NOW) but she really played her
character excellently. I just loved her and I could just imagine,
sitting there, how it must have been for Clementine with Joel and for
Joel with Clementine and yet I felt it was more due to Winslet's
performance than with Carrey's. I do not know what it is with her, and
I definitely DO NOT like all of her movies (although I've seen a lot
and hate none). I sense an Oscar nomination for both her and Carrey.
Although I think she'll walk away with one (for this OR Finding
Neverland which I have not seen yet) and Carrey will not.<br /><br />7,5 out of 10 (with a spotted 8 given upon voting)
