2009_November 8 
While Jim Carrey (thankfully) breaks away from his tiresome norm of
Pet-Detecting craziness in order to inhabit mild and pleasant Joel
Barrish, the idea behind Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is
neither mild nor pleasant; it&#x27;s a swirling vortex of thoughts and
emotions that delves right to the very core of the human psyche. Basic
Premise: after a disastrous relationship, Barrish revolts against an
experimental therapy that can permanently wipe painful or scarring
memories, after deciding that he would rather remember the times he and
his ex-girlfriend had together. The main chunk of the film then centres
around Carrey frantically darting around his own mind witnessing his
own memories disappearing and desperately trying to stop it; for the
audience, it&#x27;s a bizarre and moving experience. Light floods the most
vivid memories, while the suppressed, scarier ones are surrounded by
darkness. Other memories literally melt away as he approaches them; and
some he doesn&#x27;t even realise he still has resurface. It really is a
fantastic showcase of selective and effective special effects. It&#x27;s
also a brilliantly original concept, and with a RomCom bent sewn into
its very core, surprisingly accessible. Unique, powerful and
thought-provoking, Eternal Sunshine is a brilliant visual
representation of the human mind that will stay with the memory for
years to come. And you don&#x27;t even mind Carrey that much.
