2011_August 22 
Unlike many romantic comedies, Crazy Stupid Love manages to leave
audiences satisfied with a smile.<br /><br />Another predictable comedy with few laughs due to cheesy lines and
little relation to the characters is not what we need and thankfully
not what you should expect. One of the main aspects that makes this
film so watchable is the acting. All the actors play their parts
convincingly and with the right comic uniqueness their character
requires. Julianne Moore, not exactly queen of comedy, delivers her
lines with perfect comic timing as do those more familiar to comedy
such as Emma Stone, Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell. Jonah Bobo playing
Robbie and model Analeigh Tipton as Jessica also play their parts so
hilariously together as young teen crushing on the innocent babysitter.
It is clear characters have been perfectly sketched to make them so
diverse in contrast to each other for not just successful comic effect,
but also for the audience to relate to the characters which is done
with great ease. Another thing that makes this film so much better than
most typical comedies is how unpredictable it was. Throughout the film
realistic surprises you would never of expected pop up which is both
shocking and comical- its comically shocking. Those who have not seen
the film, I would recommend not to watch any clips that have been
released, but should wait for the film to grasp the full comedy the
film offers there and then. Overall, without giving any of the plot
away this slick smart comedy is a must see, not just for the all star
cast but for the perfect contrasting characters, comic timing,
hilarious script and crucially, the different and unpredictable plot
that makes this film so hilarious. Without a doubt, a must see.
