2005_November 27 
I had always heard that &quot;American Pie&quot; was so hilarious!!! Now let me
say that I had heard this from a bunch of teenagers, when I was 12.
They were my age. Even when I was 12 I really didn't like kids or
teenagers that much because I though they were completely stupid and so
foolish, actually laughing at the sex and toilet humor that they think
is hilarious. This movie was full of them, and I was perplexed on how
anybody could really find this cute. Personally I think it's disgusting
and repulsive, not to mention embarrassing and diminishing to one's
reputation. How do you think people regard me? They think I actually am
that intelligent. Ew. Back to the movie. I have to say besides the
jokes, the movie plot was horrible, very fragile and frail, like a
building with a poorly constructed frame. It really had no purpose.
They wanted to lose their virginity by prom night? Whoop-dee-doo, there
is barely a teenager who doesn't. Way to be unique. The acting wasn't
the best I've ever seen, but then again I don't really like most of the
actors. I don't really like Tara Reid that much. To me she never picked
character's that I actually sympathized with. What disappoints me most
about this film, and many recent films, is that they seem to take teen
sex, or sex outside of marriage, as some little joke, like it doesn't
matter. I'm a Catholic, but this really doesn't have to do with
anything about my faith. Sex is a deep expression of love and something
that should not be taken lightly, especially since the only reason they
want to screw you is to for their own pleasure, or their own sick
goals, like in this noble movie(ew). With all the pregnancies,
abortions and sexually transmitted diseases, sex is not as carefree (if
it ever was) as it used to be, and it doesn't help when Hollywood
promotes it as a selling point. Oh my goodness, grow up already!
