2000_January 17 

Considering the immense publicity given to the film and it's more
'noticeable' bits I was somewhat surprised to find myself not the least bit
shocked by the whole thing. Sure it was funny but not laugh out loud funny,
not the burst my sides laughing funny that I had expected. I actually found
it to be a good film on it's own, more of a nineties spin on the old John
Hughes tales of growing up and wondering exactly who you are and what you
want. The fact that the main focus of the film was sex changed nothing as it
more than emphasised the fact that sex is only truly great when you are with
someone you love. It also placed safe sex prominently, yet subtlely, in the
window. It also marked something of a radical shift in teen films by not
strictly placing every one in a distinct social group (The band nerds
aside). The fact that the four main characters hung around with each other
despite their apparent differences made the film more realistic in my
opinion than the clearly divided 'The Breakfast Club' fivesome. It was more
'Ferris Bueller's' and was all the better for it. Stifler was a truly
brilliant character and I hope teen film writers take a leaf from this movie
in how to deal with the 'cool, rich' male leads. To label this film a 'gross
out movie' is to completely misunderstand it. I found myself agreeing for
the first time ever with Leonard Maltin that it's a good film with it's
heart in the right place. Not overly moralistic or totally without decency
it takes a good stab at what it's really like to be an 18 year old on the
brink of entering a world unlike anything they've seen before. I liked it,
but not because it's got masturbatory gags or endless sex remarks, but
because it dealt with issues and a context never before seen in teen movies.
The one major downer about it though is that it's going to usher in a whole
bunch of other teen sex comedies each going further than the one before and
getting worse with it. Mark my words.
