1999_June 11 

American Pie starts right off with shock value, and while the film relies
heavily on it, there's plenty of story and exceptional performances to
hold
your interest.  I attended a sneak preview of what I was told was a rough
cut of the film, although there was only one scene that looked unfinished.
The underlying story here is that of four high school senior buddies who
have made a pact with each other to get laid before they graduate,
specifically at the prom.  The problem is, only one of them has a serious
girlfriend, and she can't decide if she's ready for sex.  But where the
film
really makes an impact is in it's numerous masturbation related scenes.
There is one scene particularly early in the film that should test your
stomach for the rest of the film's humor.  Now while the film may not
sound
like it has good morals, there is one repeated underlying message, and
that
is to do what you like and not what you feel pressured to do.
Unfortunately, this is NOT the kind of film its target audience should be
seeing.  At times it makes getting laid seem like the most important part
of
high school.  The strength of the film lies in the fact that everyone who
went to a public high school can relate to some aspect portayed here, and
in
the strong and well-timed performances of the talented cast.  If you're
mature enough to appreciate the film for its sheer comical performances,
then you should really enjoy it.  But if you don't like &quot;toilet humor&quot;,
then
you might not find anything appealing with this one.  Definitely not a
date
movie.
