2001_March 24 

A light-hearted romp among a group of American High School students who make
a pact to get laid within the next three weeks.  Despite their bravado the
boys are naive and inexperienced in matters of sexual behaviour.  This makes
for some hilarious situations in their first approach to the opposite sex. 
Taken in the spirit of fun, the risque bedroom scenes are acceptable in
context though some might find them rather offensive.  The teenage boys are
so infatuated with salacious sex one wonders if their brains have relocated
between their legs,  It's a real situational farce with characters being
caught in compromising positions.  For me there were quite a few memorable
scenes. For example: the father/son discussion about women's bodies as
illustrated in the centre folds; the girl who discards her clothing in a
bedroom which has been set up with a computer and digital camera and the
whole stripping and masturbation sequence broadcast on the internet; the
wolf whistles from the students next morning; the young guy giving a girl a
taste of foreplay while he considers his next move in consultation with an
illustrated sex folder; an irrestible urge to masturbate in a hole in his
favourite fruit pie baked by his mother.... It goes on and on through a
series of sexual activities that are accomplished with such naivete and
awkwardness, it can't help but raise a few chuckles.  The scriptwriter has
cleverly captured some of the frustrations of growing up in the turbulent
teenage years.  The film goes at a good pace as the scenes bubble along one
sfter another and the film is about the right length too.  Any longer, it
would tend to become repetitive.  The singing group adds variety to the film
and the background music used to accent the comedy in some of the scenes is
a brilliant and original idea.
