2005_February 13 
The end of high school is an awkward time. Some people don't know how
to handle relationships into college, some people are just trying to
get into college, but the most important thing to take care of is to of
course have sex before you leave high school. Sooooooo important, well,
at least according to American Pie, the surprise hit of 1999 that is
funny, even if it's priorities are in the wrong place. I guess we do
have to give the movie credit, it does feature high schoolers who are
still virgins, something that few movies still acknowledge. Jason Biggs
plays Jim, a confused teenager who does not quite play the whole social
scene perfectly, but is an overall nice guy. His friends are Oz (Chris
Klein), Kevin (Thoman Ian Nicholas), and Paul (Eddie Kaye Thomas), with
a passing acquaintance with Stifler (Seann William Scott, in the role
that made him). Stifler is that jock in high school that it was an
honor to have him know your name. As prom day approaches, the stresses
of the senior days of high school get to all of the friends and the
comedy takes off from there. The movie does have a fresh look at how
teens today deal with life, and does have crude comedy that is
unthinkable, but you know what, I'm sure somewhere it happened to
someone. Eugene Levy plays the father in a perfect role for him, he
covers the uncomfortable parts of raising a growing boy well. American
Pie is a funny movie about 4 boys trying to have sex, and if that
sounds like entertainment to you, go see it already!
