2002_February 26 

I was shocked to read all the negative feedback on this movie. I mean, I can
understand that it's formulaic, been done 100 times, etc. All that I
understand. But that's for the critics to discuss. I don't care about that.
What I want to know is how someone can watch this movie and look me in the
eye and honestly say it wasn't funny. This movie isn't groundbreaking, it's
not eye-opening, and it's not supposed to be. It's funny, and in many cases
extremely funny, and it appears obvious to me that much of the high-brow
disdain for this movie comes from people who can't or choose not to relate
to the situations that occur in American Pie. While I realize that most of
these situations are to the extreme, the fact remains that all teenagers
have gone through embarrassing moments similar to the ones shown in American
Pie, and to not be able to laugh about it means you might be taking
yourself, or perhaps the intent of the movie, far too seriously.<br /><br />  Beyond the obvious comedic value of the film (and the scenes are too
numerous to mention), there really is a message here. It appears at first
glance that there's nothing going on except crude humor, etc, but in
reality, by the end of the film, the entire cast has learned something about
themselves, sex, and the relative importance of sex in their every day life.
I think Oz is the best example of a lesson learned in this film. In the end,
after all his posturing and grandstanding, he tells his friends that nothing
happened on prom night, when something obviously did. Each character learned
a little something about themselves and how they fit in to society. I don't
know, maybe I'm way off here, but the criticism I've read on this site about
American Pie seems way off base to me. 
