2003_May 8 

Besides `South Park: Bigger, Longer, and Uncut' and `Austin Powers: The
Spy
Who Shagged Me, `American Pie' has been identified as one of the most
highly
anticipated films of the post- summer movie-going season.  `American Pie'
is
a teenage sex comedy, following the sexual misadventures of some
well-scrubbed high-schoolers.  This movie focuses on the story of four
high
school virgins who are more than determined to have sex before graduating
from high school.  Jim one of the main characters in the movie is a
clumsy
guy who seems to be able to mess up every opportunity to hook up with a
lady.  Along with this he has been caught by his father in embarrassing
situations throughout the film.  His best friends also are trying to
score
with the ladies but seem to be back at base one as well.  Unlike clam,
sweet, teen comedies such as: `She's All That' and `Never Been Kissed,'
`American Pie' stays away from the clean cut look right from the opening
scene in which Jim gets caught in one of those embarrassing moments by
his
father.  With a number of gross-out comedic sequences and Jim's father
Frank
discussing the how's and what's of sex, this film appeals to one of the
comedies of last summer, `There's Something About Mary' and over takes it
with the `apple pie scene,' the `beer scene,' and the extra activities of
a
school band geek who gets up close and personal with her flute.  Since
the
beginning of this year, `American Pie' has been hyped as the next big
thing,
a film that would ever change the teen comedy genre.

