2012_January 26 
yes! i did feel like reading a well written love story with black inked
words on white papers. when you read a novel, it&#x27;s soundless and
silent, all you have is an inner sound, inner voice of your own. when a
story well crafted with nice storyline, scenario, plot and well edited,
the inner sound of your silent voice will become so clear to be heard
by you. by watching this black and white almost voiceless movie that
only come with sound track background music, i was moved deeply, and
heartfelt touched just like reading a good romantic novel. the male
actor is one of the best french male actors who i have enjoyed to watch
him playing different roles in the french movies. choosing him to play
this role is one of the best casting jobs that movie industries really
showed how the casting agency indeed is very important to the success
of a movie. this movie also reminded me that george valentin actually
open the door for the later Broadway shows and musical movies and also
created big opportunity for those Hollywood dancing stars. but none of
the later male actors could surpass his achievement. people would also
like to compare him with charlie chaplin, but i think it&#x27;s a wrong
comparison, just like orange and apple, the looks and the tastes were
absolutely different. i just couldn&#x27;t believe that i have completely
been intoxicated by this silent movie. it&#x27;s a quite unique and
delightful experience.<br /><br />i wish this movie could win many Oscar awards.
