2001_October 10 

When I came back to Earth in my perpetual visits I was expecting that
someone will finally say some kind of close truth to the earthlings about
their home that they are so proud of....And finally someone did. The two
brothers made one of the best films that has ever been made on Earth.
Mixture of Science Fiction, Action, Drama and Thriller, this film comes to
the boiling point of facing some kind of different reality of technology
that is ruling over everyone. The technology itself took over nature, nature
of things and true human nature. Mankind in total, beside the film are part
of GREAT EXPERIMENT MATRIX. That experiment predict to people how to behave,
be and do things but all with complete freedom. That freedom is took away
from people in this film and that is what it makes it so good. The script is
very good, the twists don't exist, actually, whole idea is in some way
obvious but what is unique for this film is idea, pace, direction, special
effects, sound and lightning. The acting isn't actual highlight of the film
but it is from Laurence Fishburne side. He was just great. Direction is mind
blowing ! The brothers directors thought of every single thing in the film,
making whole picture of every scene looking just perfectly. So, all you
people, even after you have seen this Matrix, you should start asking
yourselves what is the point of whole your life( besides that you already
have asked yourselves dozens of times that question but without any answer).
It is certainly not your work, TV, food or having the wildest sex you
possibly can have. The point is up there, in the sky, you just have to see
it for yourself...
