2001_August 13 

There is so much that's good about this movie, it's a shame that there's
even a little that's bad about it- but there is. First of all, the bad: some
of the performances and dialogue are a bit stilted. Not even the main
characters are particularly developed beyond their central archtypes-
Trinity and Neo's love story isn't the least bit believable because of this.
The final scene is just silly. And the whole film has the Messiah Complex,
which has been done and done and done......
Okay, enough haggling. Here's the good: everything else. The whole idea is
cool. This just might be the launching film for a whole mythos, like 'A New
Hope' and (hopefully) the first Lord of the Rings movie. There are metaphors
and analogies here, a lot of them. The Wachowski brothers showed great
promise with their very first flick, the terrific 'Bound', and continue to
do so here. There are small things that intrigue me- things like the little
robots that help with the human-harvesting and look like a cross between
insects and surgical instruments. Visually, the movie is nothing short of an
unprescedented marvel and has already proven to be one of the most seminal
films made in the last couple of decades in that regard. Hugo Weaving is a
true find- amazingly creepy as Agent Smith, he absolutely exudes menace and
contempt for humanity. The story is rooted in our race's fear of our own
creation- technology. Technology has been our salvation. It has allowed the
human being- a physically inferior mammal with few natural characteristics
to recommend it- to thrive. Cautionary tales that display our fear that it
will also be our destruction abound- 'The Matrix' is one of the
best.
It will be interesting to see how the series develops. It could be as
important to the action genre in terms of complete, complex story-telling as
it already is visually. One can hope. With the Wachowskis at the helm,
there's a good chance.     
