1999_June 17 

I was absolutely blown away when I saw this movie in the cinema (I urge
you
to view it in the cinema, not on video). The special effects are top notch
and this is the first time I saw Asian cinema style combat SFX and
choreography used properly in a Hollywood production. The music is
brilliant, the acting is more than adequate (Even by Keanu Reeves). It
even
pulls something of  that very few modern action movies in succeed, it
suspended my disbelief to such an extent that I didn't get the opportunity
to be annoyed by impossibilities, improbabilities and inconsistencies.<br /><br />It was only after I had left the cinema that I started thinking about what
I'd seen and I started realizing that things didn't were as plausible as
I'd
presumed. The most annoying thing about the premise of the movie is the
fact
that humans are used as batteries because of a lack of other energy
resources. It is completely ludricous to assume that with such advanced
technology at their disposal that the machines couldn't find an
alternative
such as Nuclear fusion or fission, wind or wave energy, or even satelites
with solar panels which beam their energy down in microwaves. There are
other inconsistencies, most barely noticeable, but still annoying enough
for
me.
My advice is that if you want to see an absolutely brilliant action movie,
go see The Matrix, but if you want to see a similarly themed movie about
the
boundaries of perceived reality, go se Dark City. Dark City tells a
similar
story and doesn't focus as much on SFX and action and thus is able to tell
a
much better story.
Still, as far as action movies go, The Matrix rates up there with the
original Die Hard movie.
