2011_February 17 
a)spying equipment had been invented and can know the details about
each and every one but they can not read minds ,those equipments are
used by nets operating secretly to threat, blackmail ,murder ,embezzle
and control , instead of using these equipments ; for example ;to
prevent crimes and harms they are used by these nets to commit crimes
and harms ,these equipments are not yet made public , b) such
equipments, however ;while very effective on spying on armies, those
equipments are not effective at all in spying on civilians (causing
only miserable unhappy over restricted over controlled way of living),
this is because armies have specific plans and orders, they move in
groups while civilians are more individual in character ,independents
and change minds often ,so ;those spying agencies are forcing the
civilians to behave like soldiers ,they force them to make groups ,
they force them to make organizations ,they restrict their movements to
control them in a similar way that they control the armies .It is
obvious that such process had been programmed and this is the reason
why those nets require similar behaviors, activities and style of
living from all members worldwide, wealth distribution, for example; is
based on those programs. c) Members of these secret organizations are
mostly; ignorant, those who do not want to think, those who can not
think, corrupts, schools drops , people with no morals , thieves ,
gangsters ,etc. These organizations have actually created new species
of humans! d)those agencies have created , after years and years of
working secretly in the region, those agencies have created new species
of humans ; humans who are twisted minded , brain damaged ,morons
,idiots, criminal minded, humans with no morals, crime; such humans
should be taught again the safety measures, measures such as causing
accidents deliberately is a crime even if it was done intelligently
.These facts must be clear to all parties who are concerned and
involved in providing decent justified healthy standard of living;
particularly; to global neutral courts of laws and those who do not
operate secretly, corporations , institutes , governments offices ,
those who are not yet part of these evil moronic nets ,those who are
not yet fallen victims or those who are not yet enslaved by those nets
,they must realize these facts and deal with it with courage , reason ,
and common sense.
