2012_March 5 
From director Andrew Niccol (Gattaca, Lord of War, S1m0ne) comes a
sci-fi thriller that paints a stark world where time has replaced
money. In the real world if you run out of money, you can still survive
for a day where you work out alternative means for survival. But in
this universe, you have to ration it out so carefully because if your
time runs out, your heart stops beating. So your every action has an
catastrophic effect on your time. So if you get your head around this
concept, you will find that this world has been mirrored in exactly the
same fashion as the real world, where there are Ghettos with people who
are always struggling to get time and on the other hand are the rich
people with eons on their hand to spend. I will not talk about the
intricacies of the plot, which i will leave for the viewer to
discern.(because as is the case with any good sci-fi thriller, the
number of time you watch the movie, the more it unravels its
mysteries). Niccol does a terrific job at throwing the viewer in the
deep end of the pool, and expects them to swim as the movie progresses.
The cast is top notch here with Justin Timberlake, Amanda Seyfried,
Cillian Murphy, rendering a credible performance. They are ably
supported by a supporting cast of Olivia Wilde (House), Matt Bomer
(white Collar), Johnny Galecki (Big Bang Theory) and others who keep
adding layers to the plot. Special mention for the set design,
cinematography &#x26; special effects as they paint a contrasting universe
which is so real and so different and yet looks exactly like the world
we live in and the way it functions. There are a few areas which might
stick out as sore thumb, but in the end it will certainly leave you
satisfied. This is one film which will certain make you value your time
more.
