2012_January 22 
I have always been a fan of Mr Allen, But must admit that some of his
recent offerings have not been his best and wondered when we would see
that form and distinctive style he his known and loved for again, if
ever. I have often loved his least praised films like Small Time Crooks
and Hollywood Ending, which in my opinion were his best work in the
last 10 years. But this one is just so enchanting - a true valentine to
Paris, making the city another character and definitely boosting
tourism to the city (I cannot wait to go!). I liked almost everything
about this film, the casting was excellent (loved Marion Cotillard the
most and I thought everyone was great), the music was typical of a
Woody film, the photography ravishing, mood depiction charming and the
thing that makes all of his films sizzle - the dialog - so witty and
funny, the scene where they report that the detective went missing was
hysterical and the other scene where Inez wants to report her earrings
missing, while her dad is being treated by doctor and Gil freaks out,
is classic Woody Allen - It is such a treat to see such an inventive
comedy for adults, with a touch of fantasy and nostalgia and yet leaves
us with the universal question:- Are we ever satisfied with time or era
we live in? and our desire to always long for the good old days, as if
those days could never be right now. I highly recommend this and thank
Woody for continuing to still delight us. I am rooting for a Best
picture nomination at the Oscars for this and a best screenplay award.
It has been a long time since I had tears of joy running down my face
when I was watching a movie, this one did it for sure. Woody is in top
form again - Bravo!
