2012_February 16 
Gary (Jason Segel) and his brother Walter have always been quite close,
even though Wally is VERY different, resembling a Muppet. Naturally,
Walter is entranced when the re-runs of the Muppet Show come on. Now
adults, the two of them still live together in Smalltown, where Gary
has been dating beautiful teacher Mary (Amy Adams) for ten years. As
the anniversary approaches, Gary hatches a fab plan. The three of them
will go to Los Angeles, where they will tour the Muppet sets. Later,
Gary and Mary will have a romantic dinner, just the two of them.
However, when the trio arrives at Muppet studios, they find the place
in crumbling shambles and none of the stars are there. In addition, a
rich oilman (Chris Cooper) is buying the sets, only to demolish them
and dig for the oil underneath. Horrors! Gary and Walter&#x27;s only chance
of saving the place is to raise over 1 million dollars. Fat chance,
right? Well, perhaps not. If they can track down the old crew, from
Fozzy Bear to Miss Piggy to Animal and the rest, and stage a
telethon-reunion of the Muppet Show, they might work magic. Can they do
it? This is a sweet, nostalgic film for fans of the original Muppets
and the cast. Segel, Adams, and especially Cooper do very nice work and
sing well. Moreover, the folks voicing the Muppets and the nice, large
cast of cameos, including Jack Black, Rashida Jones and Emily Blunt,
are most worthy as well. The look of the flick is also quite nice,
being very vibrant, with handsome sets and costumes. Also very fine are
the musical numbers, with catchy tunes and clever lyrics. About the
only misgivings a viewer might have is the plot is a bit thin, at
times, while the pace is somewhat sluggish and the running time a bit
too long. Yet, for all of that, the Muppets are always welcome and so
is a family film. In this light, most folks of a variety of ages will
enjoy a showing.
