2005_July 7 
Greg Pritikin's DUMMY is an amusing, sometimes clever and
oh-so-independent (indie heads will know what I mean) comedy. Adrien
Brody gives a pre-OscarWin performance that I honestly think is better
than his work in THE PIANIST (though keep in mind I was one of the few
people who didn't go gaga over that film). He is delightfully
understated, sheepish and reserved as Steven, an ultra-insecure social
outcast who buys a dummy in a store and ends up creating him into a
wooden psychiatrist who's method surprisingly, though slowly, has a
positive effect on Steven. The cast of beyond eccentric goofballs is a
riot: Ron Liebman and Jessica Walter are hilarious as Steven's
whacked-out-of-their-skull parents (the latter playing a character that
clearly plants the seeds for the ubermonstrous Mommy Dearest Lucille
Bluth she would inhabit a year later in the remarkable TV show ARRESTED
DEVELOPMENT), Vera Farmiga is lovely and charming as Steven's love
interest, Jared Harris is memorable as a psychotic wannabe actor who
stalks his ex-girlfriends, and the film is all but stolen by the always
scene-stealing Illeana Douglas as Steven's sister, who gave up on her
dream and hasn't been able to find any sort of happiness or fulfillment
since, and a revelatory Milla Jovovich as Steven's best friend, a
lovable Gothic loon who's bursts of anger, fits of insanity, and
tendency to use &quot;f**k&quot; as a punctuation mark may have been the result
of an ultra- repressed childhood at the hands of her sick, tyrannical
nightmare of a mother. There really isn't that much of a plot here, and
that is one of the film's strong points. Like in so many previous,
refreshing independent films that tried to do something different, the
strength of it is in the wonderful work by it's character-actors, the
way it makes us believe and care for it's offbeat characters, and that
magical feeling (usually an indie trademark) that we are watching
people whose behavior may seem a little out of the ordinary, but whose
emotions couldn't be more ordinary, normal, and HUMAN. B
