2006_March 27 
THis is the kind of film that really surprises you with it's warmth,
balance, humor, and maturity. A really balanced script that allows
everyone to show their stuff. I bought this DVD because I think I've
lost my head over Milla Jovovich, because of her performance on The
Fifth Element, and wanted to see what else she has done. This is the
one to check out...as her performance in Zoolander is just a comic book
character..(Not her fault..written that way) and the noir film she did
with Sam Jackson called No Good Deed, doesn't allow her to shine...the
director keeps all in a subdued space, and Milla listens to her
directors...however, one should see No Good Deed, for Mill'as closeup
in the street with her made bank boyfriend, as there is a wonderful
open light on her as she kisses him, while wearing a robe with a towel
in her hair, and the way her green eyes shine for that small moment, is
a real keeper. Oh yeah, this is a review of Dummy. Just get this
perfectly formed diamond of a comedy...Adrian is great, and has also
learned to be a ventriloquist and has great scenes with his little
wooden friend. Milla plays his completely opposite punked/rocked out
buddy, and she nails the part. (Favorite scene is Milla scratching her
butt while giving Adrian grief about his life. Check out Milla's great
web site, too. She's open generous, friendly, literate, talented, walks
her dogs, writes great songs, gets overproduced sometimes, but maybe
that's because there is an international audience out there for her,
and reverb and echo are still popular in Europe and South America more
than the states....I wish her all the best...and the whole group behind
Dummy...a film I was easily able to watch three times in one week with
three different friends... Andre in S.F. Milla..Milla....&quot;Diving Up&quot;
