2012_February 7 
The Artist looks ready to sweep the Oscars this year, and in many ways
it deserves to. It has a unique (some may say gimmicky) style, can
easily make an audience laugh and cry almost simultaneously, and has a
certain likability and charm that is nearly impossible to deny. Despite
perhaps seeming initially off-putting to some casual cinema-goers, The
Artist is actually deceptively simple; it is a film that can be enjoyed
by almost any individual, despite being silent, French-made, and in
black and white. That is most likely its greatest strength- appealing
to a wide audience of people who may feel as though they have just
greatly expanded their boundaries of cinematic appreciation, when as a
matter of fact, they have watched a relatively simple romance/character
study/brief history lesson on the transition from silent films to
talkies.<br /><br />However, the film&#x27;s simplicity is not a huge negative. It allows the
film to be both likable and crowd-pleasing, and appeal to essentially
anyone. That being said, I personally would&#x27;ve liked a little more
complexity to the film- perhaps it could have fleshed out the main
character some more, or provided more insight into just how dramatic
the change from silent films to talkies was. Still, I respect the fact
that this film is indeed a homage to a simpler time in cinema, so
therefore its simplicity can be fairly easily excused. I definitely
recommend this film to anyone who wants to see something that is in
many ways unique, yet in many ways familiar...<br /><br />VERDICT= 8/10 (Great)
