2011_November 28 
I think that I should start off this review by saying saw this movie at
the telluride film festival, and I loved it. not only that but I can
safely that it was the fan fav. everyone I talked to said it was the
best film they&#x27;d seen in a long time. So it not only me but everyone
their liked it. it was a great movie.It was great for me who is a fan
of both black and white movies. I am 14 and a movie nut so to see so
many little nods, to great movies in there. and I have to say I loved
the way that the film covered things like what it would have been like
to have sound in movies as any actor. and I like how he is the artist,
even if he just the actor. I feel that out of all of the films I saw at
the film festival this one is going to win best picture. and why I
think that is 1) it have very thing in it a good movies needs, it has
heart, and it has a soul, it was made for the love of movies, it was
was done and mixed the past and the golden days of film with the now
not so golden days. 2) it makes making movies look easy, like anyone
could make an Oscar winning film. and I feel that this film is makes
movies look easy 3) it shows us what a movie really is. so if you are
thinking about seeing it, just do it. it will be the best money you
ever spend. and if not, you still saw it so you will not feel left out
at the next dinner party because everyone else saw it and is talking
about!
