2003_March 15 

For some people that this sequel repeats the same formula that made that Men
In Black 1 were successful, it seems that it is not very original, but this
movie has given the public what wanted: but of the same, more Men In Black,
only with the variant that this movie has more action, more special effects,
more characters... in summary it takes the same thing that Men In Black 1
but more enlarged in the whole aspects.  
  
	The main characters change papers in this second movie, in the first agent
K is the expert and agent J the beginner, but in second film it is on the
contrary the agent J  has to return the memory to the agent K and to put it
a day on the new mission of the MIB but J sometimes acts as a beginner.
Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith are impeccable again in their roles but Will
Smith has won mainly in comic protagonism this time thanks to Frank the dog,
I have liked a lot that gives him more protagonism.  
  
	It is a pain that Linda Fiorentino didn't repeat as agent MIB but it is
compensated with the election of Lara Flynn Boyle like bad girl and Rosario
Dawson like the &quot;sentimental&quot; partner of J, Lara has made a good work but of
Rosario Dawson has been a little more irregular. I didn't like at all to see
Johnny Knoxville like the typical fool bad boy, but it went good see again
(repeating papers) Rip Torn and the histrionic Tony Shalhoub. <br /><br />  
	Perhaps the position of the script of this movie is not as original as that
of the previous one but this it is able to entertain and to make laugh more
even than the first movie of the Men In Black. Lastly, to say that the
special effects have improved enough, mainly that of the worm of the
meter.
