2012_January 31 
The Girl with Dragon Tattoo, a remake of popular Swedish film of same
name , was an outlandish blow-your-mind thriller that is sure to
entertain you and will keep you on the edge of seat. Mikael (Daniel
Craig ) is a journalist who has held guilty by a big shot
industrialist. He is hired by a wealthy guy to investigate the
disappearance of his niece almost 40 years back which has led to down
size of his family business and reputation. Mikael is aided by a weird
, tattooed , pierced computer hacker Lisbeth ( Rooney Mara) who herself
is going through a rough patch. As they start working together , they
soon David Fincher , director of Fight Club , Curious Case of Benjamin
Button and more recently The Social Network , has always given us a
standout movie which is not only experimental but also entertaining.
The direction was excellent though this will be not be his best work
till date. The movie could have been trimmed by few minutes. The
screenplay was tight along with award winning performance by Rooney
Mara. She gets into the character of Lisbeth with such a ease which is
really applauding. Daniel Craig provides a supporting role. Rest of the
star cast was just fine. The cinematography was well shot with rocking
background score especially the introduction of the film. This one is
sure going to be loved by ones who are sucker for good twist and turns
thrillers. Good&#x96; 3.5/5
