2010_December 12 
In the future, the industrial spy Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) has the
ability to steal secrets from the dreams of executives. When his
beloved wife committed suicide in the past, he was falsely accused of
murder and now he is an international fugitive that can not return to
USA to be with his children. When Cobb meets the powerful Saito (Ken
Watanabe), the executive offers a unique chance to him to clear his
records. In return, Cobb shall plant an inception in the mind of the
heir Robert Fischer (Cillian Murphy) to avoid that the company he had
inherited from his father becomes a monopoly in energy in the future.
Cobb lost the capability to build dreams and together with his partner
Arthur (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), they team up with the trainee in
architecture Ariadne (Ellen Page); with the expert Eames (Tom Hardy);
and with the chemistry Yusuf (Dileep Rao) to enter in different levels
of Robert&#x27;s dream and plant the inception.<br /><br />&#x22;Inception&#x22; is an overrated mess and my greatest deception in 2011. I
do not understand the hype surrounding this film, probably the fruit of
the market campaign of smart producers that lure naive viewers that
seem that does not think and understand how flawed and stupid this
story is. The plot is developed in fast pace to force the viewer to not
think, with incoherent rules that do no make sense and that change in
each layer of the dream in accordance with the intention of the writer.
The best part of this film is the hilarious IMDb User Rating that
reflects how brainless the Hollywood cinema has become in the
contemporary days. My vote is six.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): &#x22;A Origem&#x22; (&#x22;The Inception&#x22;)
