2010_August 4 
nolan has set standards which are unparalleled in recent times. saying
that it some times works against such an immensely talented man who is
just simply among my best directors of the current times. bat man
begins was magic, and very few expected any thing that could better it.
but he came back with much meaner sexier and dark sequel with dark
knight... an amazing proof of creative fore sight and talent... now
coming to inception... well it has surely awed many a viewers alike and
is still collecting all the accolades it deserves purely out of its own
merits. for a movie buff, this movie delivers everything that is
promised. so don&#x27;t even think even once to catch this movie at your
near by theaters. but when comes to my personal take on this, please
read it knowing that it is coming with lots of respect to my favorite
director nolan. the concept though innovative is not a new idea. this
has been there in lots of Japanese animae like the ghost in a shell.
the story gets too predictable and a little jaded at times. nolan&#x27;s
talent always sparkled because his previous movies had subtle inner
hidden messages and ideas in his movies... one could relate to his
movies at so many different levels. compared to his previous efforts,
this movie comes as a little two dimensional. apart from this minor
hitch, it is still a very good movie for every one. its what they have
come to term as a movie which compels you to think... and we are lucky
to have directors like nolan who manages to give us such work of art
every time he indulges us though his medium of movie making... thank
you...!
