2003_August 7 

I saw this film and was ashamed I was Irish.  Whether it be the cheesy
cliches, the fact that they do everything in unison (EVERYTHING), or the
awful dialogue, etc, this proves to be the worst film on the planet.  I
figured movies like &quot;The Exorcist II:  The Heretic&quot; had it taken care of
but
this takes the cake.  The worst part is that it could have been so cool.
Irish guys take out Italian mobsters, sickness!  Oh no, not this movie,
instead we get a couple of pansies hanging from ropes upside down killing
people, that may sound cool but it's not.  They seem to have perfect aim
upside down, but when they shoot at one Russian guy out in the open, no,
instead we got stuff flying everywhere and all sorts of crap as Willem
Dafoe
over does it completely.  The worst part is that most of you losers like
this movie.  I don't get it, what is to be liked.  Every actor sucks
here,
ALL OF THEM.  They all need to be butchered for this movie.  The script
makes no sense either.  How can they speak so many languages?  The action
sucks.  The quick cuts and MTV style directing is straight out of the
minor
leagues.  Then we have the two bit s***head mobsters.  These guys are
more
one dimensional than the fans of crap movies like this.  I read on the
back
that fans of Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction would like this, no chance
in
hell.  Those movies had witty dialogue, class, and a soul.  This movie
has
bad dialogue, bad directing, and bible preaching.  Let's see, choppy
directing that sucks, bad actors (except Willem Dafoe who could do
nothing
with his poorly written part), bad action, awful script (simply putrid),
a
foolish fan base, one dimensional characters, etc.  make this the worst
film
ever put on film.  The only way this film can be used is as a torture
device
if we capture Saddam.  Avoid this trash at all costs unless you want to
find
out your pain tolerance (which will be high after this).  This film makes
me
want to die. 
