2004_January 13 

This is a film that you will either like because you pick out the good
parts
or hate because you simply can't get past the bad parts. I couldn't get
past the bad parts. For starters, the film is very improbable as well as
unrealistic with too many silly elements that do not at all mesh with the
very serious and dramatic tone maintained throughout. Because the film
doesn't contain the necessary parts of a satire it can't be argued that it
was meant to be one. In the end, the movie ends up being 2 hours of
outlandish violence and very irritating characters that received way too
much screen time. I found myself wanting to fast forward any scene
containing the minor character Rocco. And the 5 minute flaky detective
scenes where he is singing to opera music and dressing in drag was just
too
senseless and foolish for me to stomach. I would have at least felt better
about movie if, at the end, the Irish brothers recognized Rocco's annoying
mannerisms and shot him for being so aggravating and stupid! The only
`saving grace' about this movie, and the only reason I would ever consider
re-watching this movie, is the `coolness' of the two brothers. The
brothers
interacted well together and were very entertaining to watch so long as
they
weren't in any scenes with any of the other characters. In conclusion. I
found this movie to be annoying and very disappointing. It has a good
premise, though not original. Nothing was special about the editing or
special effects, or even the characters themselves.  If you want a movie
with good shootouts, and `cool' guys with real accents check out movies
like
Snatch or Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels. These movies are a lot of
what this movie wishes it could at least be compared to. As for the
director's debut: He needs a lot more practice and I'd like to know how he
goes from an absolute nobody to getting such a movie budget to make such a
horrid film. I guess some ideas sound better on paper.

