2004_May 29 

Checking another major site the reviews (not written) aren't very good
(barely over 2 stars). I saw a 7.7 average on IMDb, which I've always
trusted as a reasonably accurate site. How this movie got the votes it
received I have yet to figure out. It's not the movie the IMDb voting
would have you believe. Acting isn't that great, plot is ridiculously
filled with Hollywood hype and it's not very likely anything like this
would ever happen in our lifetime. Aside from that there are technical
flaws that are so far beyond belief, it leads me to believe a few
amateurs were behind the scenes in fitting the story to the director's
vision. Mechanical ductwork from elevator shafts leading above an
occupied hotel room? Get real. Isn't reality in any sense of the word.
Ductwork other than exhaust ducts from the top of elevator shafts do
not penetrate elevators, and no ductwork I know of can support the
weight of two men inside of it, let alone be large enough to fit two
men, but I guess that's how the two stars dropped into the ceiling of
the room and killed 9 people. Hollywood really needs to drop the duct
technique for sneaking around buildings. It's utterly ridiculous (ever
notice how clean these ducts are?) and laughable at best. Totally
unbelievable and trite Hollywood movie with little to redeem itself.
I'm a huge movie fan, have rated over 3300 movies on other sites and
have seen them all, plus more. Don't believe this rating as anything
short of a testerone filled waste of time with pipe dreams filling the
cracks.

