2008_February 4 
I was reading some critics of people that didn&#39;t like this movie and i
thought how could someone in this world not enjoy a film like this? its
true thats very long and sometimes slow but tom hanks manages to keep
you interested the whole film. Forrest Gump is a character we would all
like to become, someone innocent that cant understand why things happen
around him. Why he can walk, why the girl e loves cant love him back or
is always running away form him, why his best friend died in war or why
the character of gary siniese cant enjoy his life. Until the end of the
film he cant even understand if we make up or destiny or its written
for us. This is a beautiful movie with many things to tell. The
character i liked the most after forrest was jenny, she never knew what
she wanted and she was escaping from happiness into a world that only
wanted to deprave her living aside the only man that really loved her
in a pure and sincere way. This is other important fact of the 60s as
it describes the history of the USA in that time seen by the eyes of a
man that wanted to make everyone happy and live in his own Innocent
world away from wars, racism, drugs and problems the society faced back
then. He is just one of the characters of a movie you never forget and
teach you so much about life and yourself at the same time. I think it
could be describe as one of forrest phrases &quot;life is like a box of
chocolates. you never know which one you&#39;re gonna get&quot;
