2006_November 2 
Don&#39;t talk about it! Just do it! <br /><br />&quot;Stupid is as stupid does,&quot; says Forrest Gump (played by Tom Hanks in
an Oscar-winning performance) as he discusses his relative level of
intelligence with a stranger while waiting for a bus. Despite his
sub-normal IQ, Gump leads a truly charmed life, with a ringside seat
for many of the most memorable events of the second half of the 20th
century. Entirely without trying, Forrest teaches Elvis Presley to
dance, becomes a football star, meets John F. Kennedy, serves with
honor in Vietnam, meets Lyndon Johnson, speaks at an anti-war rally at
the Washington Monument, hangs out with the Yippies, defeats the
Chinese national team in table tennis, meets Richard Nixon, discovers
the break-in at the Watergate, opens a profitable shrimping business,
becomes an original investor in Apple Computers, and decides to run
back and forth across the country for several years. Meanwhile, as the
remarkable parade of his life goes by, Forrest never forgets Jenny
(Robin Wright Penn), the girl he loved as a boy, who makes her own
journey through the turbulence of the 1960s and 1970s that is far more
troubled than the path Forrest happens upon. Featured alongside Tom
Hanks are Sally Field as Forrest&#39;s mother; Gary Sinise as his
commanding officer in Vietnam; Mykelti Williamson as his ill-fated Army
buddy who is familiar with every recipe that involves shrimp; and the
special effects artists whose digital magic place Forrest amidst a
remarkable array of historical events and people.<br /><br />Don&#39;t talk about it! Just do it!
