2004_November 5 
What Forrest Gump tells about is a man, named Forrest Gump , who has
intelligence as low as going through American past of 40 years. Forrest
Gump is the most amazing film I have ever seen. The way the director
directs is a miracle. The first scene, i.e., at the beginning of the
film, one feather falling down to where Gump is sitting .It looks like
a long and continuous moving scene. Even though you gaze at the feather
(I ever did it), you could not tell whether it is true .The shade and
reflection make it real. I am really confused the way to make the
feather authentic. Beside of the technological miracle, the way the
story tells is kind of self-reflection: Gump picks up the feather and
puts it into a book. During the whole film, the feather has not been
taken out any more until the end .So I am convinced easily that it is a
comedy as leisurely as a feather. Definitely, the feather is one of
highlights. Begin with the falling of the feather, Gump picks up the
feather and begins to tell his experience to strangers. Afterward, he
stands up and runs to find Jannie and his son. With the possession of
the feather, something different from the former relation between Gump
and Jannie: they ultimately marry each other and have the short happy
time. Jannie dies of a serious disease. However, she leaves prosperity
to Gump and his son, i.e., the prosperity for the next generation. The
small family is kept after all (it seems to be prosperous). With the
present of the feather, at the time when the old Gump sends his son to
get on the school bus, the circle is made full and it is the end of the
story. What&iexcl;&macr;s more, what I am thrilled is another revolution of
directing: Gump is put into the historical events presenting with the
historical big names, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, by switching the scenes
of the old documentary with Forrest Gump, which is a milestone in
film-making history.
