2002_March 14 

Traditionally, this time of year is devoted to films that are either
bucking
for Oscar consideration or too dreary to be released at any other time of
the year, basically meaning that any movie one sees before the couple of
weeks before Memorial Day is going to be really good or really bad. It
seems
that, this year, those movies that aren't Academy-Award hopefuls have
been,
across the board, gawd awful, representing some of the worst films that
Hollywood has had to offer in the past 5 years. With those unpleasant
experiences in mind, it is with a sense of sheer trepidation and lowered
expectations that one goes into a movie like _Resident Evil_, whose
trailers
make it seem akin to most of the wretched movies that have come out so far
this year. Perhaps, it is because nothing exceptional is expected of it
that
I begrudgingly have to admit that this movie is really not that bad. In
fact, I could go so far as to say it was quite watchable. admittedly,
there
are plot holes, Michelle Rodriguez seems wasted in her role, and the
material owes a great debt to George Romero's work, but once one gets past
all that, a big dumb popcorn movie is there for the taking. In its favor,
the actors give convincing performances, the cgi effects are used
sparingly
enough so that when one does get large doses of it, they don't look
obviously fake like in the Harry Potter movie or _Jumanji_, and the movie
overall displays an understanding that while it doesn't have the chops to
actually scare you, it also doesn't over-rely on startling moments like so
many horror movies will nowadays.
Is it worth the full price of admission? Compared to some of the
alternatives playing in theaters, I'm afraid so.<br /><br />As a sidenote, who among us knew that, at this point in our lives, with
Paul
T. Anderson slaving away on an Adam Sandler movie, the other Paul Anderson
would make a more satisfying movie without any pretenses?
