2010_January 31 
Resident Evil is not the best zombie movie, but the best action based
on zombies, the battle between humans and zombies. The movie focuses on
this battle as it should be, there are not trashy sub stories or there
are not dull characters. There is not a clich&#xE9; scientist who
responsible for all the stuff. By the way, the movie is stylish and
well executed that the sequels don&#x27;t have. Also, the whole film is
entertaining. Resident Evil is a consistent movie on all counts,
direction, script... The mise-en-scene, especially the set designs,
camera angles and atmosphere recall computer games. Besides, the laser
scene is very high adrenalin and to me one of the most unforgettable
scenes, not only of the movie, but also in action cinema. The first
battle between Alice, the team and the zombies are my favorite, also a
great demo scene. It is very long and satisfying. The make up effects
are not flawless, but very impressive, not like the second and third
movies (they were flimsy) There could have been more clash with the
zombies, but as said, in terms of action and a Resident Evil
adaptation, it is satisfying. The dog scenes are interesting, even if a
bit funny (karate against animals?) The other Resident Evil movies
copied it by the way, because it is really creative. The train scene is
also pretty good. As said, mostly, those kind of movies start well,
some of them develop well, too, but at the end, something ruins
everything. Thus, Resident Evil is an exception. Lastly, yes, as many
people think, the closing was one of the best closing scenes ever seen.
