2002_December 19 

One Deadly Virus. One Deadly Mistake.
Umbrella corporations have accidentally released the deadly T Virus in their
technological research center, The Hive. As it spreads through the many
floors underground, people turn into savage flesh eating demons. Then we
meet Alice. After being dragged down into the Hive, she faces horrible
flashbacks of what has happened. With a special team,they must destroy the
red queen- the super computer thats gone homicidal. An adrenaline pumping
gore filled horror Shocker.
************************************************************************
So...Heres my comments. I have never played a Resident Evil game in my life,
so i cannot tell you if it is anything like the Game. all i can say is, this
is one pulse pounding horror movie with plenty of shocks and gore thrown in.
I was on the edge of my seat. I cringed, I gasped, and when the film had
finished...i was left feeling rather queasy. Milla Jovich was brilliant as
Alice. the poor young woman dragged down into the hive and has to face flesh
eating Zombies, Demon Dobermans and strange newt like creatures that
reminded me of Abe from the Abe's Odyssey games. Soon, all the cast are
being killed off. (3 are killed in a space of 2 minutes- really cool scene
with lasers). Dont expect to much from this film. It was based on a game.
Some of the acting was quite woody, But Milla Jovich and Michelle Rodriguez
shone in the fast paced horror. Perfect entertainemnt for a saturday night.
Definately not to be watched alone.....Keep the lights on and a cushion
handy...and perhaps a sick bucket.
