2005_May 26 
I expected a slick American CGI explosion fest from this. The Film 4
logo on the opening credits was a bit of a give away. What we got was a
cheapo British film with limited special effects and crap sets. The
only special effects that were tagged onto this prosaic exploration of
concrete tunnels and an office building were the laser slice up
session, the CGI Alien creature rip off, the unexplained red dogs (
some which seemed to be a real dog covered in paint )a few slow motion
bullets a la Band of Brothers and the Matrix and the hologram of the
little girl. The rest was low budget British TV movie fare of the
lowest order. Very basic zombies. i.e paint ordinary blokes in white
paint, and add a bit off blood. Then the script. Where do you begin ?
Basically take Aliens Space Marines and replace them with clich&eacute;d SAS
types straight out of Ultimate Force. Don't even change the Hispanic
girl Marine from Aliens, keep her in. Chuck in some Bourne Identity
amnesia for the two central characters. This helps when they look bored
and confused and disclaim their lines as if wishing they were somewhere
else. Add some water. Hey it worked in the Abyss ! Then when the rushes
still seem boring, throw in two nearly nude scenes of Mila for the
teenage pervs to salivate over. If they'd had the bottle to make them
fully nude it might have been worth the wait. But like everything else
in this shoddy film they were half hearted.
