2006_February 23 
...for a video game! I joined IMDb for the sole purpose of writing a
review for this movie. I don't even care if anyone reads it, I just
absolutely had to vent. I watched this movie with average expectations,
knowing and having heard little about the film. Let me be the first to
say that this movie should never, ever have been made. And then they
should never, ever have made a sequel (but that's a story for another
day). I won't give anything away here, because there's pretty much
nothing to say about the movie that hasn't already been covered in the
summary... in a way that makes way more sense, I promise. Meanwhile,
this movie is just like the video game. Literally. I felt like I was
playing a first-person shooter the whole time. The kind with a lot of
unnecessary segues and animation, but no real action. But without the
fun of doing it myself. (More accurately, I guess I felt like I was
watching someone else play a first-person shooter.) The concept of the
plot itself is just really, really dumb. Usually you can make up for
something like that with good action or awesome fight scenes. Not so
here. The action felt forced and was extremely predictable. Loud sound
effects and a soundtrack with lots of power chords never make up for a
lack of substance, and didn't here. Milla Jovovich's talent is
completely wasted in this film. She's too good to be doing stuff like
this. Really. And regarding Michelle Rodriguez... well, I've seen
better acting skills in my 14-year-old sister's school plays. She has
only two facial expressions: angry, and really angry. I only gave this
movie a 3 out of 10 because I've seen The Hulk.
