2005_March 31 
Resident Evil - Ugh. When the best thing you can say about a film is
it's locations, something is terribly wrong. An underground evil
corporation (and that's about ALL that is realistic about RE) named The
Unbrella Corporation kills all of it's employees and lets 3 survive
along with a Swat team to get mauled by zombies and try and escape. The
movie takes an hour (after 2 glorious minutes of actually scary
elevator stuff) to do a lot of boring exposition. None of it is
terribly well done or intelligently said, as none of the characters are
good at acting. And then the zombies show up because of the T-virus,
because turning people into mindless killing machines (except they
aren't. When off-screen, they ravage an entire city. When on-screen,
they can't even walk straight) is SUCH a good strategy. The zombies
aren't scary, and you don't care about them, much less the cast.
There's Milla Jolovich, who spends half the movie kicking the crap out
of zombies, and the other half looking like a stunned cow. There's
Michelle Rodriguez, whose most intelligent line is &quot;Blow me&quot; and is not
only and ice queen, but also can't act to save her soul (I honestly
couldn't tell the difference between her as a normie and her as a
zombie). The only good part is the Licker and a laser field that dices
up some people we couldn't care less about (But couldn't it have done
Paul S. Anderson, the maker of this tripe instead?). So the acting
sucks. The writing sucks. (The most intelligent word used is implore,
and it's said by a computer voice by a British school-girl, so that
doesn't count) The directing sucks. What's to like here? This is NOT
the game that a generation of Playstation owners loved and cherished.<br /><br />D-
