2005_April 20 
When I first the movie I was amazed by Michelle Rodriguez's acting. I
had never seen her before in any other films, but after this film I was
a fan and bought every film she was in. One of the best scenes is when
they are in a glass room and then suddenly lasers go through the room
slicing and dicing the people inside, I thought the special effects
were wicked especially when you see Colin Salmon's character falling to
pieces in the reflection of the door (I was a bit freaked out by that
part). Another scene where Alice (Milla Jovovich) is being chased by
the dogs and she shoots them and there is a close up of the 9mm
Umbrella Corporation bullet falling to the ground and when she runs up
the wall and kicks the dog (totally wicked!) The dogs were pretty scary
at first because I have a Doberman and she was sitting next to me while
I was watching the film! A scene where Rain (Michelle Rodriguez) is
'out of it' on the train near the end and Alice thinks she is dead,
well I started crying which is pretty embarrassing but I thought the
'moment'was quite emotional. I have watched this movie over and over
(about 50 times not joking) and I have listened to the commentary which
is great and pretty funny too and I bought a huge Resident Evil poster
with Michelle's autograph on it! Everyone must see this film although
it wasn't exactly the scariest film made. I'm a huge fan of the games
and I thought the film took some really good parts of the game and made
it their own and I thought it worked well.
