2004_March 10 

I have never played the resident evil games, so i am not a fan of the
whole
franchise, and i can't tell you whether or not the movie is faithful to
it.
I viewed this movie with low expectations considering it was a) based on a
video game and b) has zombies in it, two things which tend to make a movie
suck. But, i'm happy to say, this movie was well done. It had style to
burn
and kept my attention the whole way through, ending with a nihilistic kind
of scene that I very much liked. The script is pretty much a workhorse -
it
gets you through the movie without being either exceptional or extremely
bad. The actors all looked appropriately terrified at the right times, so
that was good. You can tell though, that they put some work and thought
into
this movie to make it entertaining and halfway logical, for a zombie
movie.
If you go into RE expecting some zombies, good looking actors, lots of
guns,
and action - then it doesn't disappoint. The special effects were decent -
at least i have no complaint. Some of the set designs were very nice, and
there are a few plot twists along the way. The score (with music by manson
and even a little nine inch nails during the scene with the dogs) is loud
and pounding, but this is essentially a zombie\action movie, so an
abrasive
(but good) score is fitting here. Nice visuals, good tension, ok writing,
and some low-level gore to keep things interesting.<br /><br />i would probably rate this movie a 7/10 - it's more entertaining than
mega-budget trash like the Matrix Reloaded and more professional and
intelligent than the junk John Carpenter puts out

