2005_January 17 
What is it about zombie movies ? The Romero movies had good scripts but
were let down by the technical aspects while LIFEFORCE and 28 DAYS
LATER were brilliantly directed but had woeful scripts . I thought
after watching the first ten minutes of RESIDENT EVIL someone had got
the balance right with the opening hook featuring some impressive
novelty deaths . The problem is after this good start the movie then
spends the next forty minutes going nowhere . We know what's going on
because most the audience is aware of the computer game so we have to
put up with some seriously uneeded exposition about Alice , the combat
team and the Red Queen computer system . What makes it all so annoying
is that you're left with the impression that the producers wanted the
movie to appeal more to a mainstream audience rather than fans of the
game then at the very last minute abandoned their initial instincts<br /><br />There are a couple of good aspects that stop RESIDENT EVIL being a
total flop , it's good to look at on a visual level while a mainly
British cast do manage very convincing American accents , and not all
the main characters survive ( watch out for those lazers ) which makes
the movie unpredictable . But again I have to point out the movie would
have worked better still if the producers ignored the fan boys and made
a movie with a wider mainstream appeal . As it stands perhaps the 1970
DOCTOR WHO story Inferno is the greatest piece of fiction featuring
zombies
