2002_May 17 

Yet another entry in the video game to movie sweepstakes. Last year's Tomb
Raider movie made a lot of money, but critics weren't kind (not that that
matters), and Resident Evil looks to be in the same boat. Milla Jovovich
stars as a temporary amnesiac who's dragged into an underground laboratory
to help shut down a maniacal super computer, along with her husband (Eric
Mabius) and a cop who happened to be around when she was grabbed by a
special military unit, which includes Michelle Rodriguez, who needs to find
at least one role where she isn't constantly angry. Directed by guilty
pleasure specialist Paul W.S. Anderson (Mortal Kombat, Event Horizon), Evil
borrows a lot from other movies, which is probably a fault of the game and
not the screenplay. You can see bits of last year's 13 Ghosts (killer
building), as well as Frankenstein (man-made monster), Night of the Living
Dead (zombies) and even Speed (there's a scene on an underground train
where
one person wants to go faster and another shouts that it would make them
fly
off the tracks, and I thought to myself that that's exactly what happened
in
the 1994 thriller), among others. Most of those comparisons can only be
made
after the movie's over, since the action rarely lets up. Originality has
never been important to science fiction/horror/action movies, they all
happily feed off of their elders, so I can't really hold that against this
movie. It's good fun and would make a good double bill with Tomb Raider
(perhaps Jovovich or Rodriguez could join Angelina Jolie for the inevitable
sequel).
