2009_August 22 
I think this is a classic SF flick but that doesn&#x27;t mean there wasn&#x27;t
room to explore more of what the alien was, as opposed to seeing it rip
humans in half type of thing. I think the film is a bit too gory. By
further exploration of the alien entity, I mean that nowhere in the
film does anyone suggest that what they are seeing is an alien human
hybrid. The fact that the alien is found on a derelict vessel, piloted
by another type of alien begs the question that if a species had such
advanced technology the chances of it being retrieved would be fairly
high, so it probably would not even be there, unless the whole thing
was a deliberate set up. The idea of the find being a deliberate set up
are also never explored by the film maker. We now have many extra solar
planets listed in technical books on space. Many of these planets exist
in what is called habitation belts. The idea of suggesting where the
apparently violent alien hybrid came from is not explored nor is the
possible home planet of the alien vessel explored. The idea of extra
solar planets is not new. Also the fact the alien that became a alien
human hybrid did so after being in a gestation phase for perhaps as
long as a million years. That suggest profound cell damages in any
extant organism. That idea was not explored. Lots of tension, but I
would call it surface tension, as the real deal is the real deal of
thinking about what it all means. Well, that is just my opinion. It is
an effective film, but perhaps it claims to be thinking mans SF, which
it isn&#x27;t.
