2011_August 15 
There are unsolved mysteries in our space. There are surprises sometime
around the corner. And even if it should be left alone, you should know
that by now. Alien, which is directed by Ridely Scott delivers a
heart-pounding suspenseful movie. The movie is taking place in the deep
outer space where the cargo ship, the Nostromo is on its way home.
There are seven people in the Nostromo. They soon pick up a signal from
distant planet.Rather than make their way back to Earth, the Nostromo
crew, which is played by a wheel known cast including Sigourney Weaver
as the control officer on the ship. After leaving the planet, one of
the member is attacked by a mutant that basically latches onto your
face and stay there. But, what they don&#x27;t know is that the movie&#x27;s
villain is on the ship. Alien has a great deal in special effects and
its set direction is the one I like the most. There are also great
shots of scenes involving claustrophobia. But, one of the most famous
scenes in the movie is when the member who recovers from being attack
by the facehugger and then, he finds out that a chestburster or a
parasite is inside of him. This scene is very gory and is not for the
faint-hearted. Alien is a great movie because it is like Jaws, or in
other words, have a great deal in suspense. The background score is
really frightening for those scenes where the Alien pops out. An
terrific science fiction thriller. **** 4 stars.
