2003_May 31 

ALIEN may or may not be one of the greatest sci-fi films, but, it is
unequivocally, the most influential one in the past 25-30 years. Since its
release in 1979, there are only a handful of films in the genre that even
come close to matching its impact.(and even those films borrow somewhat
from
the storyline of Ridley Scott's film) Yes, I do admit that it is shy of
being an absolute perfect motion picture,(ie. the story drags a bit at the
beginning, not a whole lot of time spent on character development)it still
succeeds in spite of its few shortcomings. Stylish, atmospheric, gritty,
graphic, nightmarish, and sometimes shocking, ALIEN was like no
sci-fi/horror film made before. The characters were not the conventional
good guy/bad guy portrayals seen in so many other films. They were flawed,
vunerable, regular, everyday folk, trying to do their regular, everyday
jobs, who were thrown into a terrifying and hellish predicament. So there
really wasn't a whole lot of time to delve into how the crew interacted
with
one another or who was romantically linked with who. The soundtrack
complimented perfectly with the dark tone of the film. Mr. Scott was wise
enough to know that you don't need loud, jolting music all during the film
to frighten your audience. Let the visual scare the h**l out of em'. And
man
did it ever. Add a great ensemble cast, shake up the audience's
expectations
of who will save the day, who will make it and who won't,and you have a
film
that to this day that has few, if any, equals within its
genre.
