2004_August 16 

Alien is a movie that some may claim is overrated, but it is not
overrated, it is forgotten. People don't realize what a massive shock
this film was and still will be for future generations not desensitized
by hype that unfortunately makes certain people approach it with an
arrogant &quot;give me your best shot&quot; attitude. This is a patient horror
film, that will never be touched. Anyone who says it is overrated is in
my opinion an ignorant snob trying to start fights for no reason. There
is no way this film is overrated, there is nothing else like it and it
will never be duplicated even though everything after it has tried. How
can this movie be overrated when it set the standard for Sci/Fi horror?
Name one movie that came after ALIEN that either took place in space or
involved creatures from outer space that didn't in some way rip it off?
I pity the poor bastard who forgets history and has spit on classic and
original films just to make a name for themselves. Alien is not
overrated, and anyone says so will only end up exposing themselves as
an ignorant fraud who knows nothing of greatness. It is easy to
arrogantly claim that this film is overrated, and there will be many
more cynical bitter fools to follow, but none of them will ever in
their entire lives be anything more than an ignorant snob pissing on
greatness just to be heard. I believe those who say Alien is overrated
will find that is it their self image, intelligence and tastes that are
overrated, not this immortal film.

