1998_December 15 

I believe that Goodfellas is Martin
Scorsese's greatest film. This movie
is a film fan's dream come true. The
acting is brillant. Ray Liotta is
terrific as Henry Hill and Robert De
Niro is great as Jimmy The Saint. Joe
Pesci deserved his Oscar for a
brillant and terrifying performance.
Scorsese is the greatest film-maker of
his generation and he has made alot of
great films. Goodfellas tops them all.
The way the camera moves, the way the
narration grabs you and pulls you in
and the characters themselves, top
notch film-making at it's best. I
loved this movie from the first minute
to the last. I especially loved the
ending where Liotta is running around
doing his errands and snorting cocaine
the whole time. Scorsese injects into
his film style the paranoia that
Liotta's character is feeling. In the
process making our heart race at the
same time. This is a great film and it
is highly recommended.
