2005_June 28 
Goodfellas is one of the top movies in the history of cinema, nominated
for best picture (and five other Oscars) considered by many the top
movie of the 90s, so how can it be underrated.<br /><br />put simply, it is underrated because the Godfather (parts I and II) are
so brilliant. The sad thing is that, because Goodfellas is a gangster
movie, it will always be compared to other gangster movies. for some
reason, movies in that genre (gangster/organized crime) are never
looked at as individual pictures, but are forever compared and put up
against other gangster films. The only exception to this rule, is the
godfather of all gangster movies, the Godfather. this is probably
because it is the first of its kind (not the first gangster movie, but
the first modern-style gangster movie), most gangster movies made after
the Godfather are complete rip offs of the Godfather, but every once in
a while a movie like Goodfellas comes along that may be similar to on
the surface, but is then written off by many. when I say, written off,
I mean that it is not getting the credit it deserves. it is a
masterpiece, yes it is a gangster picture, no it is not the Godfather.
Many people admire it for what it is, but if the Godfather hadn't been
made, or even if this film wasn't always compared to it, it would take
its deserved place in cinema history. that place is not as a good film,
and a great gangster film, it is a artful, entertaining, and near
flawless film, and one of the top two greatest gangster films.
