2006_January 5 
IMDb has been around, what, 8-9 years now? I'm sure many people have
said better than me what is so great about Goodfellas. Ain't really
nuttin' to say other than if I had maybe five pictures to take with me
to a deserted island where I (somehow) had a DVD player, I'd definitely
take this one. Joe Pesci in a lacerating, blistering performance of
psychosis and self-hatred, Robert DeNiro playing a confident,
psychotic, but also ambitious and highly- motivated Mafia hit-man. Paul
Sorvino, radiating menace, Lorraine Bracco, particularly in her early
scenes where she is intrigued and unsure what to make of up-and-coming
don Henry Hill (Ray Liotta). One can sense her belief that perhaps she
shouldn't be so entranced by him, but as she says after she hides the
gun that Henry her, Some girls would be appalled, turned off, by such
violence on their behalf but I found it a turn-on. The use of music in
the film is wonderful, the cinematography, particularly in the edgy
scene in January 1980 when...well, you know. and yeah, absolutely the
best use ever (by a long shot) of voice-overs. Liotta's Hill is the
apparently normal guy whose sympathetic narration give the film its
connection to a supposedly reasonable person. The story is amazing, the
acting is amazing, and the depiction of a Mob in which everything is
not peachy keen for those making out like bandits (no pun intended)
seems fair (not that I'd know....really..). Anyway, this film is right
up there with The Godfather. I'd give it 20 out of 10 if I could.
