1999_September 11 

While a lot of films nowadays are being made and lumped into the crappy teen
flick category, (She's All That, and Can't Hardly Wait to name a few)
American Pie is different from what at first seems, which is another teen
flick to join the ranks. After seeing this movie, one feels that they can
relate to the characters and all the situations they go through. It's a
smart, funny, coming of age film, that remains more true than any other teen
flick. Most of the characters are real, and while some situations may be too
gross to actually happen, you find yourself drawn in with all the characters
in the end. The character of Jim, played by Jason Biggs, young, naive and
inexperienced, is very well played. His questions about sex are questions
that many kids ask, but questions that no other movie has put into action.
Most kids these days are exactly like that, watching porn, reading porn etc.
The character of Steve Stifler, brilliantly played by Seann William Scott,
is a character everyone can relate to. A smart mouthed, good looking,
popular, rich guy. In almost every school around, there is at least one
person, who will remind you of Stifler. But in the end, this film isn't
about condoning the losing of one's virginity. It's about realising that
losing your virginity is not the coolest thing in the world. It's not
something that everyone has to do before they finish school, and when it
finally happens, you find out it's not all it's cracked up to be. A very
honest and touching look at the perils of sex within the life of every high
school student.
