2005_July 14 
There are spoilers in this review...<br /><br />What a great, great movie. If you want to know what being in High
School in the mid 70's was like, rent this film. I grew up in the metro
Manhattan area. We didn't have the freshman hazing, and few of us could
afford the cars (although we sure knew about them and lusted after
them), but the rest of this movie is so dead on about my experience of
High School in the 70's that it's scary. Every character in the film
corresponds with someone that I knew during that time. Yes, there was a
lot of pot smoking, yes, obtaining beer was quite easy for underage
kids...I used to buy it in bars when I was 16. We made pipes in shop
class. We hung out and had parties at night, drove the streets drinking
beers and smoking joints listening to the same music. There were no
youth centers though. The girls that I knew were as beautiful, and also
struggled to get into their jeans. They used pliers too, but they also
put them on while they were wet to further get that skintight look.
There was no HIV virus to worry about, Herpes was not a big thing then,
the biggest worry was getting pregnant. Everyone was having sex... All
of these facts also were no big deal. Most of my peers grew up just
fine, and now are upstanding pillars of the community. Many today would
like you to believe that this is an example of the road to ruin. It was
an incredible great time. The film has interesting character
development, with the same types I remember. Philosophers, heads (now
called stoners), bullies and waifs. This is my American Graffiti and it
is perfect. Waxing nostalgic? Perhaps, but anyone that didn't live
through that time will sill love the dialog in this film, as it deals
with the universal experience of that point in one's life. This is high
school in the 70's. Check it out.
