2006_January 6 
I've seen many mob movies,until now,this one is the best~I was deeply
shocked while watching this movie the first time,and then within 24
hours I just watched it again.To me it's far better than other movies
related with Mafia. From the beginning I was attracted by Henry's
legendary life...he's really a perfect
guy,agile,flexible,ambitious.lovable...except for choosing the run way,
in some way he's my idol~ Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci's performed
great,too.De Niro still as a cold-blood killer,he seems to be
specialized in acting this kind of character..and Pesci still acted as
a nut..crazy and dangerous and disgusting nut like he acted in
Casino.The camera shots was concise and the rhythm was quickly,it's
hard to believe that this movie was casted in 1990, thanks to the
director Martin Scorsese.. And after my second watch i got more
info,every game has it's rules,and joining Mafia is just like playing a
dangerous and exciting game,rules also exist,at the beginning of the
movie Herry was told by Jimmy never sold off friends,and always keep
mouth shut,later Paul admonished him never touch drugs,Those are the
prime rules,but apparently Herry broke them all,he got involved in drug
dealing,and caught by cops,then afraid of being killed,he sold up the
whole family,It's rather interesting,Herry is a smart guy in the Mafia
group,but he was just too smart and ambitious,and finally led to his
doom,and destroyed the whole family by keep on breaking rules.Tommy did
the same thing,killed Batt without the confirmation from upper
class,and got revenge..Jimmy also made stupid mistakes,he tried to set
up Herry's wife,but failed,then he ordered Henry to kill someone,he
must know that the Herries are very wise people,so it's really hard to
believe why he left so many hints for them to fight back,whilst Paul is
rather pathetic,he got fooled by Herry for once,and too Mercy to let
him go,but he underestimated the effect of this drug cases,that led to
his doom. I think the Chinese translation about the film name is very
vivid,(Dao Yi you Dao)literally means Even being a thief has it's
rules. But some of the plots are really hard to understand,especially
the painting drawn by Tommy's mother when Tommy killed Batts,it was
rather weird,Tommy killed Batts,then his mother show the painting
exactly like Batts,and there's two dogs behind,one head for east,the
other head for west,does that implicit anything??
