2005_March 22 
'Battle Royale' is unlike anything I've ever seen before. It grabs you
from the start and never lets go as the startling premise reveals
itself and unravels with devastating effect. A class of 9th grade
school children are kidnapped and taken to a remote, windswept island
and released into the wild where the sole objective is to kill each
other off until only one of them remains. There are a few variables
such as the explosive collars with which they have been fitted and the
introduction of 'danger zones' to force them closer together but the
meat of the picture details the ensuing mayhem as the children react to
their situation in different ways. Some commit suicide, others panic
and suffer an early fate whilst several 'alliances' form, determined to
overcome their ghastly position in some way. The central underlying
theme in the film is one of trust: between adults and children, friends
and also family members. It's an unsettling take on how the fragile
bond of human friendship copes when faced with the base human instinct
of survival. What would you do, could you kill your best friend? This
is the question the picture asks and it addresses it in a brutal,
uncompromising fashion. The lighting is dark and sombre, a real strong
point and while I don't feel the film is particularly tense the action
is relentless and, at times, horrific (more so when you consider the
age of the various protagonists). This is cinema at it's very best:
entertaining, explosive, deep and thought-provoking, deserving of
multiple viewings to fully appreciate the message it conveys. One for
every collection because, seriously, what would YOU do?
