2010_April 21 
Are you tired of the same old thing at the movies. Are you tired of the
same old action sequences, often by the same old actors? Are you tired
of being treated like an idiot-of-the-masses by movie businessmen? Then
come to the cinema now and have your spirit renewed by Kick-Ass. Have
restored that long jaded and dead part of the movie going experience
that you loved (or at least appreciated) so long ago. Over the years, I
have come to despise over-the-top action sequences, especially when
they involve an invulnerable macho killing machine. I typically avoid
movies that advertise these, and shake my head in disgust if I find
myself forced to witness them. Can anybody say Rambo IV. However,
Kick-Ass, primarily due to Hit Girl (Choloe Moretz) scenes, has brought
back joy to me regarding action scenes. You can say this is due to a
gimmick in using an 11 year old girl, but that is wrong. It is
originality and style that has been missing. It is genuine creativity
that is absent. Action scenes have become just canned commodities that
the movie business judges as a profit vehicle. I just went to my 3rd
viewing of Kick-Ass, and I have been more impressed by each viewing.
There are many elements in this movie to be appreciated, which other
reviewers have aptly described. I found the father daughter
relationship between Cage and Moretz to be incredibly touching and
heartfelt, despite it&#x27;s ludicrous context. Action sequences are not
even a priority for my movie-going experience. But they are done so
well in this movie, that I had to point this out to others who have
been jaded and discouraged like me. Go see Kick-Ass for any reason. But
go see it for these incredible action sequences as well. They are
clever, exciting, and stylistic. They are unique in all cinema,
especially in this business-jaded age.
