2004_June 8 

Robert Louis Stephenson's classic novella has been one of the most popular
sources of inspiration in cinema. Ever since the silent era, numerous
adaptations of his tale have been translated into movies. Mamoulian's film,
however, still is the greatest and most expressionist version of them all.
Perfection is every possible way and a truly stunning visual experience. A
downright brilliant opening sequence (in which you get a entirely subjective
introduction of the main character) sets the tone of what will be one of the
most impressive horror films ever made. Dr. Jekyll is a gifted and
enormously devoted scientist who strongly believes the human mind exists out
of two separate sides and gives dedicated lectures about this subject. Yet,
he also is a frustrated lover and his future father-in-law doesn't allow him
to marry his daughter sooner than initially agreed. So he gives free reins
by transforming into his `evil side' &#150; Mr. Hyde &#150; and terrorizes a
beautiful, young prostitute. Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde often is a sadistic and
shocking movie, seeing the basic undertone simply handles about sexual
frustrations! Especially compared to other 1931 horror classics (like
Frankenstein or Dracula), this film is much more raw and definitely ahead of
its time. Frederic March puts down an exquisite double-role and the Oscar he
received for it was a righteous choice! Another proof to claim `Dr. Jekyll
and Mr. Hyde' belongs to the absolute milestones in horror is the visual
power of the film. The transformations Dr. Jekyll goes through in order to
become Mr. Hyde are amazing! Especially the last one&#133; 
You get it by now&#133;a must-see film experience with gigantic entertainment
value! 

