2006_March 12 
This film starts out with a long continuous shot that puts the camera
as the eyes of the unknown subject that is so inventively well done
that you know this is going to be a great film from it's first few
minutes. And it is. Russian born director Rouben Mamoulian had been an
opera and theater director in New York before coming out to Hollywood
as a film director for Paramount. This is is third film as a director
and it is Paramounts answer to Universal's successful Dracula. Based on
the story by Robert Louis Stevenson the screenplay was adapted by
Samuel Hoffenstein and Percy Heath. Cinematographer Karl Struss was
nominated for an Academy Award for his remarkable photography on this
film. Hoffenstein and Heath were also nominated for their screenplay
and Fredric March in the role of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was nominated
for and won the Academy Award for Best Actor. Mirian Hopkins and Edward
Everett Norton are among the cast. Mamoulian would go on to make such
films as Love Me Tonight, Queen Christina, Mark Of Zoro, and Blood and
Sand but made his film output dropped off in the 1940's with only a
handful of films and into the 50's he made only two films and was fired
from two more and by 1959 his career was over even though he lived
until 1987. This is an excellent film and certainly one of the best of
the horror genre films of the 1930's. I would give this a 9.0 out of 10
and highly recommend it.
