2000_May 6 

Fight Club is an astonishing film, probably the best film of 1999.  David
Fincher delivers an incredible assault on the senses with pumping action,
brilliantly choreographed fight scenes and amazing special effects and
camera work.  The final twist ties up all the loose ends and confusing
elements to the film which threaten to slightly ruin the overall feel of
the
movie until it is revealed.  I, personally, was very pleased to see Edward
Norton receiving more screen time than Brad Pitt, who all the focus was on
before the film was released.  Norton is definitely proving to be one of
the
most promising acting talents of the 21st century.  In his short career he
has already picked up 2 oscar nominations for his excellent performances in
American History X and Primal Fear.  Again, in Fight Club, his acting
talents are fully exposed as his narration as well as his on screen time
are
both superb.  The cast is, on the whole, excellent with Brad Pitt taking a
dramatic and essentially well judged career move and Helena Bonham Carter
delivering a strangely awkward but overall effective performance.  The
violence is brutal and bloody but never over the top or glamourised in any
way.  Fight Club is a fantastic black comedy and is frequently hilarious,
for instance, stealing bags of fat from a bin outside the back of a
liposuction clinic to make soap!  GENIUS!  Bettering the excellent 'Seven'
was always going to be tough but Fincher just about pulls it off with this
powerhouse of a movie that everybody must see!  *9/10*

