2005_March 30 
&quot;I am Zeke's amazement and awe.&quot; This movie is one of the best of all
time, in my opinion, no other movie of 1999 comes anywhere near the
level of greatness this movie attained. The first time you watch it,
the first of the movie seems a little awkward, but once you reach
Project Mayhem, and when Jack figures out... well, that would be a
spoiler and I don't want to ruin it for someone who has never seen the
movie before. All I can say is that you will watch this movie over and
over and over again. This will make you want to be part of a fight
club. This movie is complete genius in the insane lament, or Jesus in a
can, which ever you think sounds best. But like I said earlier, this
movie is truly one of the greatest of all time. It has everything
anyone could possibly want in a movie: action, suspense, drama, comedy,
just to name a few attributes of the movie. The world through the
Jack's eyes will captivate you more than any other movie ever has. To
him, there is really nothing good about the world, he is actually a
boring and unexciting man, until he meets Tyler Durden. Once the two
meet and form fight club, things become much more intense and the movie
begins to unfold. You WILL be completely SHOCKED at the end of the
movie. It seems so true to life as well. This is one of my top movies,
and I hope you enjoyed reading my review! My advice is to (if you
haven't already) go out and buy this movie immediately!!! <br /><br />-Zeke
