2010_March 11 
I really like the work of David Fincher. I think Seven is one of the
most beautifully crafted psychological thrillers in movie history.
However i think Fight Club qualifies to be put in a whole different
league than traditional movies. A movie like Fight Club, that manages
to find and maintain it&#x27;s coherence while dealing with profound
subjects like existentialism and nihilism with dark humor and pretty
violent action scenes (some fight scenes are very violent and bloody),
is really hard to find. In fact for this reason is that i think that it
should be qualified in a whole new perspective, because there are very
few movies it could be compared to. The movie is about a guy who is
really bored with his yuppie bureaucratic lifestyle but finds relieve
when he meets Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt), who teaches him valuable life
lessons. The fun of the movie is that this lessons are little by little
unraveled while them (and later in the movie, their followers too)
engage in brutal fist fights as a way of dealing with their issues with
modern society. This fist fights then start becoming other activities
increasingly more self-destructive. The beauty of the movie is that
everything is extremely well done, from the cinematography (dark
scenarios, surreal and practically dream-like sequences) to the
soundtrack (great choice of music that enhance the dark feel of the
movie) and the script (the dialog is great, conversations between the
characters feel real and energetic: such a great dialog is hard to find
in modern movies). And let&#x27;s not forget about the performances, Ed
Norton gives a great performance about a man whose boredom in life is
so powerful that the only way he feels alive is by engaging in brutal
fights with other desperate males. Brad Pitt gives what i think is the
best performance of his career, playing the energetic but increasingly
self-destructive and anarchistic Tyler Durden- Great Performances,
Great Movie
