2000_February 17 

In a society dominated by Disney, Blockbuster, Pepsi, Starbucks, and
Volkswagon, people can't feel but somewhat alienated from it. It seems our
own pride has been commercialized by these mammoth corporations intent on
making the big bucks while sucking the life out of you. You've got it all, a
nice apartment, the $800 couch, the jars of expensive mustard in your
refrigerator, and the set of overrated, overpriced designer clothes that are
just popular because they're made by a millionaire. You go through your
daily grind, go to work, take orders from your boss who is wearing his
mandatory blue tie on &quot;Blue Day&quot; but something is missing from your life.
It's not your friends because you don't have any, it's not your family
because you're not close to them. It's yourself. You can only survive so
long from the sellout self help gurus who are trying to make a fast buck,
You need something to fill your void which is your life. It's Fight Club
where you can finally vent your frustrations in a no holds barred boxing
match minus the gloves and protective gear. Fight Club is a film that defies
the laws of a commercialized society. A film like Noah's Ark where a flood
will destroy all those unworthy and that flood is Fight Club and those
unworthy is the corporations of America. Fight Club makes a bold statement
that we live in a daily grind that many people tend to break out of. It's a
wake up call to the people of America where we have problems we don't know
we have.
