
What a movie?I always taught that my favorite movie will forever be THE
GODFATHER I guess i was mistaken.When I began seeing the movie i said
to myself that this is going to be another World War II same old movie
but after two ours I was amazed by the realism and by the way Spielberg
puts his mark on the dramatic side of this masterpiece.After I saw the
movie i could not sleep all night thinking at those people who suffered
and I realised that not even a documentary with real facts ca present a
more realistic story than Schindler s List did.The actors played their
role in the most extraordinary and superb way possible. Liam Nesson
revealed the commercial character of Schindler with and amazing
attraction towards the role itself.Ralph Fiennes played the mad SS
little boy,destroyed by the German doctrine and without any knowledge
of kindness and love.The way he was shooting those people reminds me of
a little child playing with toys. Ben Kingsley interpreted the
workaholic man, skillful and well trained as an accounten Stern
represents the image of victory.Ambition and determination all mixed to
provide us with a character powerful and independent even in that awful
period.And let s not forget the genius behind all, the mastermind of
this unforgettable masterpiece Steven Spielberg,only him and him only
can provide us with such an stunning movie .All and all put together
without any further comments Schindler s List remains the only movie
that i could never critique because its simply PERFECT
