
Some films i feel you can watch and just think there is something wrong
and you don't really feel anything from it. There is nothing that
shocks you whether it be the story or the acting. Schindlers list is
one of those films like a lot of other Spielberg greats (Saving Private
Ryan,Jaws)really grips you.This is probably the most powerful epic of
any historical event ever made. Everything about it is perfection for a
good movie. From the incredible performances by Liam Neeson as Oskar
who i felt had deserved an academy award more than any actor alive for
his performance and also for Ralph Feinnes as a terrifying Nazi and Ben
Kingsleyalso gives another memorable performance as Jewish factory
worker Izthak Stern right to the dazzling cinematography (the film was
shot in an amazing black and white style to give it a more historical
and realistic look). I think my favourite scene of the film has to be
at the beginning when you see the all the Jews being evacuated and
terrorised by German soldiers and then suddenly a little girl appears
in a red dress which is the only coloured part of the film. That to me
is shot that will go down in movie history.Many people believe that
Spielberg is the kind of guy who is always going to be remembered for
masterpieces like E.T,Jaws and the Indy trilogy. In my opinion this is
the film where we knew that Spielberg was right next to Martin Scorsese
and Spike Lee was one of todays greatest living directors.
