
Schindler&#x27;s list was an astounding work of cinema which was depressing
and emotional but at the same time was backed by powerful performances
and intelligent direction. Based on the true story of Oskar Schindler
who managed to save about 1100 Jews from being gassed at the Auschwitz
concentration camp. Oskar Schindler is a German Businessman who hires
Jewish people in Germany to work in his factory during World War II.
During the tenure, Schindler realizes that the Jews are brutally
abused, tortured, misbehaved and murdered. As the ill-treatment on
Jews, Schindler tries to help these people with his wealth, powerful
friends. Later when Germany untimely surrenders , Schindler is forced
to quit but he leaves behind wonderful memories of helping the Jews.
The film was a masterpiece. The astounding piece of work could only be
achieved by Steven Spielberg. The great director not only tells
emotional story about the cruelty suffered by the Jews but also the
showcases that money is not everything. The way a business tycoon helps
his workers despite the ill-treatment they were suffering was
eye-catching. Though the running time of the film was 3 hours but it
will keep you engrossed . Direction was fantabulous. Cinematography was
jaw-dropping. Same goes with the sets. Talking about performance, Liam
Nesson essays the role of Schindler with T. The actor not looks good
but comes up with a brave performance. In supporting , Ben Kingsley and
Ralph Fiennes acted their part with equal justice. So overall, I was
completely moved by the film. It has all the ingredients to make a
good&#x85; drama&#x85;dialog&#x85;good background score.
