

Reading some of the other comments i noticed that the only reason the film
is EVER criticized is because of the fact that 1. It doesn't say how the
war
started blah blah it's just about the poor old Jews and 2. they always make
the Germans the bad guys.. well i have much to say about that but first of
all.. this isn't a STORY ABOUT HOW WWII BEGAN. It's a story about how one
man saved hundreds of lives and countless generations. And about the 'poor
old Jews'... More than 7 million jews were killed during the Hacaust. A
period of less than a decade. Even if this many had died in a century, it's
still unbelievable. So maybe, yeah, they deserve a movie showing what
happenned. Also, I know it's unbelievable, but you'd be surprised at how
many people don't actually know about the Halocaust and how much more you
can learn from this movie than by staring at digits in a text book. The
deaths begin to actually mean something. Each person who was murdered was a
PERSON. Many people fail to understand that. That may be because it so
incomprehensible.<br /><br />Also, about the Germans always being the badguys.. obviously in this case,
in this movie.. THEY ARE... The director isn't going to make the nazis
Canadian or something just so the Germans won't be offended! This period in
history REALLY did happen, sickeningly enough, and people will just have to
get used to it. So for those who gave this movie a '1' aren't seeing what
this movie really is. There's a reason why this movie is the top 10 of all
time... on any list.. Some people are just too ignorant and blind to see
it.<br /><br />This is what a real movie is.
