
There has been so much written about this film but I wanted to touch on
areas that I found quite impressive and I might have some minor
reservations. Ray Fiennes playing the Nazi Amon Goeth was astounding.
Yes, he was sadistic but that is only part of it. The scenes he had
where you saw into his eyes and there was nothing there. I have know
idea how Fiennes pulled that off but it was dead on and I suspect it
was probably closer to reality than any other actor to play a Nazi.
Usually, actors who are not the nationality of the characters they play
sometimes are betrayed by their own appearances if only slightly. That
was not the case here. Both Fiennes and Neeson are Irish, but I was
thoroughly convinced of the characters they played. This Schindler
really looked Czech. Goeth really looked German right down to the eyes
and that is why Fiennes should have won an Academy award for his
performance. It was so stunningly convincing. I will agree with most of
the comments on this film about the excellence that went into producing
it. I do however, have one regret that the film does only covers the
suffering of the Jews. This is not the fault of the film but a general
regret that although 6 million Jews suffered in the war, 3 million
Poles and million upon millions of Russians also lost their lives in
the war. There are so many stories of tragedy and heroism out there.
Let Schindler's List not only stand for the Jewish plight but for all
who lost their lives at the hands of the Axis powers.
