2011_January 3 
The only show to top MWC since its demise has been EVERYBODY LOVES
RAYMOND. But in its time, MWC had no equal. Picking up where ALL IN THE
FAMILY left off, MWC offered us a white-trash family where anything and
everything goes. Shoe salesman Al Bundy, whose greatest moment in life
was scoring four touchdowns in a high school football game, is just
trying to get by from day to day. His job is hell, and his home life
isn&#x27;t much better. He has a slattern for a wife and two growing
children. While the boy is intelligent, he appears to be on the same
downward path as his dad (although that changed somewhat as the series
went on). The daughter is a classic blonde bimbo. The show was way over
the top for its time, since outdone in over the topness only by FAMILY
GUY. Gays, fat broads and the next-door neighbor were some of Al&#x27;s
favorite targets as he railed against the world. He also was quick with
his fists, which the audience ate up. Ed O&#x27;Neill was perfect as the
brain-dead man of the house. He actually toned down the character a bit
as the years wore on. See the pilot or any early episode and then watch
an episode from later in the series to see what I mean. Most of the
show was set in the Bundy&#x27;s living room, and yet it worked. For that
matter, most of RAYMOND took place in the Barones&#x27; living room, and
that show worked just as well. It&#x27;s all in the writing and delivery,
folks.
