2001_April 10 

   This show will forever be known for two things: pushing the boundaries of
taste and common sense and making Christina Applegate an international star.
One of the only two shows to survive the birth of the FOX Network (the other
being America's Most Wanted), this series was the brainchild of Michael G.
Moye and Steve Leavitt, two of the writers that made The Jeffersons a big
hit. The biggest talent of the show though was Ed O'Neil for his depiction
of cursed and bumbling Al Bundy. The rest of the cast could have been played
by anyone, but O'Neil was the key that made the show work. Katey Sagal,
David Faustino, Applegate, Amanda Bearse and David Garrison rounded out this
cult series, but the show was at its height when Garrison left to return to
stage, and Ted McGinley joined the cast as the playboy foil to Bearse as
Sagal was to O'Neil. Garrison's role was just male version of Bearse's, but
McGinley became not only a work-evasive husband, but also a comedy partner
in crime with Ed O'Neil as the stories and scripts became wilder, crazier
and nuttier as the stereotypes became stretched to the max and became
cartoons. In fact, at one point the series became so fantastic that it was
almost cancelled by the writing campaigns of a religous Michigan housewife,
a fact even used once or twice referenced in the show's plots. Despite this
fact, it has become one of the most successful syndicated series next to
Gilligan's Island, The Andy Griffith Show and The Benny Hill Show as well as
the source of interest for millions of cult fans.
