2004_September 10 

I went into Resident Evil: Apocalypse with a keen sense of hope. The
trailers, although never showing much, seemed to be innovative. It
looked as though a good video game adaption flick would hit the
theaters. I admit, I do enjoy the Resident Evil video games. However, I
would like to point out that I am writing this as unbiased as possible.
This movie blew me away. I was astonished. The fact that something so
terribly put together somehow was greenlit by a production company, the
fact that someone in a suit thought that this film was worth giving the
go-ahead, it just shocks me. Let me tell you why I cannot stand this
film. First of all, the plot is so transparent, it might as well be
made of glass. The 'foreshadowing' is incredibly obvious, keeping you
off the edge of your seat (not a good thing for a movie regarded as a
Sci-Fi Thriller/Action - maybe a Drama or Romantic Comedy...). Although
the concept of the Resident Evil series is unrealistic, this film has a
plot that brings unrealism to an entirely different level. The overall
impossibility of the plot is enough to keep you from getting into the
'cinematic illusion'. As for the characters and acting... Most actors
involved in this movie just committed Career suicide. It shows their
complete lack of aptitude. The worst part was that most characters had
fake accents that were so poorly done, and accents are normally given
to characters to add dimension. This took dimension away, and made me
care less and less about their characters. We're treated to slaughtered
British, French, Russian, and German accents. There was one hope for
this movie: The Computer Graphics. And they were terrible. Perhaps I'm
spoiled off Star Wars graphics, but if you are going to put CG in a
movie, at least do a good job about it. This movie was not worth $7.50
at my local cineplex. But if you don't believe me, find out for
yourself.

