2004_September 12 

i am reading all these reviews of how good the movie actually was but i
do not agree this time wondering if half of you were paid by the movie
company to say it was good.so this time it seems as I'm on the side of
the nay sayers. the general idea for the film leads you to believe that
it would be good ,but I'm sorry to say that it wasn't .the way the
movie unfolded was like a bad elementary school play , you sit there
watching it, not actually getting into it n scene by scene it just
continues n then it ends very anti-climactic too. leaving you wondering
wat crap you just watched . it was ridiculous, it could have been much
better, in fact i want my money back . the movie moved along too
quickly, it was too short and lacked any mystery element as to what was
going to happen next,it didn't keep you on your toes and it didn't even
leave a good bridge for another possible sequel.i see this franchise
being as terrible as the last few batman movies. i don't know people i
thought that the nemesis element would enrichen the movie but it
provided nothing . fine it was cool at first encounter but it wasn't
nearly that menacing . omar epps was funny though . i can also say that
the fighting wasn't bad too. there's a lot of things i would have
changed in the movie personally. n i can name them if anyone wants to
challenge me to that, as i imagine that those of you who liked it will
say I'm stupid for not liking it .im just saying that there was way
more to expect from this movie. there should have been more creepy
scenes that were menacingly quiet followed by a surprising n heart
pounding zombie attack . the movie concept was good just the direction
they took it in n the way they did it was bad. it matters the way you
do things n this was not the way to do things. it wasn't even download
worthy for those who want to pirate the film , don't waste your time on
it unless someone buys you a ticket to see it .

