
I have never seen Schindler's list in the comfort of my own home, i
have recently finished watching it in school as a holocaust memorial.
After seeing this film highly rated on IMDb i eagerly anticipated the
watching of it, i was not let down. This is without a doubt the
greatest of Spielberg's achievements in film making. It is beautifully
brought to the forefront of the screen with care, devotion and stunning
acting to portray the harsh reality that was taking place in under Nazi
rule in the 1940's. Liam Neeson's performance stands alone as one of
the greatest solo performances on screen for a long time. Neeson
portrays the amazing man of Oskar Schindler with such regard for the
qualities needed he becomes infallible in his role. It would be unjust
to say that powerful scenes are lacking and are seldom shown, i feel
some scenes create such emotion you feel for the characters involved.To
briefly state why i felt this film deserved 9 not 10 is that i felt it
just missed something, nothing significant but just something that
could of brought this film towards perfection. It really strikes you
that the scenes being portrayed throughout the film were real- life
events, in some cases worse. I feel Schindlers list moral is in a small
way similar to The shawshank redemption, the true film masterpiece,
which gives a message of hope. I feel in Schindlers list this message
is true to that of many Jews but also of how a man can change, how one
person can change and do the most remarkable things. To finish of this
review to give all credit to this film, to tell no lies this was the
first time and probably only time i saw a class completely and utterly
captivated by a film, which i feel in itself is evidence that this film
is truly stunning.
