
|This film is almost perfect,both in its place as a cinematic
masterpiece visually,and in its sensitively handled subject matter.It
is only given a nine by myself because i really don't think i will ever
see a film that truly deserves a ten.The film is about a subject that
affected millions,The Holocaust,but it has a very personal impact on
the viewer by concentrating on a group of people that are characterised
enough that the viewer relates with them so much more.If they had tried
to show the wider spread effects of the Holocaust,the empathy would be
diminished,because although based on harrowing events it would become
just another historically based movie,with too much going on.What makes
Schlindlers list so touching is that your given time to relate to the
central characters in such a way that you feel you could almost imagine
what they are feeling,and any film that can take you to that level of
empathy is automatically a classic in my book! It is a good way to
''teach lessons''as it were because it affects anybody who watches
it.Anyone harbouring fascist views should be made to sit and watch this
movie repeatedly.If they can still be that way after seeing this,they
must be in human,it really is that good at getting to anyone on an
emotional level.This impact is heightened by the beautifully used black
and white tones of the film,with significant items/parts in vibrant
colours,stunning!The score is very effective too.Any one who can watch
the ending without feeling moved is a robot!Fact!The film is
great,granted but the cast also take this film to new heights,Liam
Nesson is superb in his portrayal of a man forced to question his own
values,beliefs and place in a system that is wrong,and who chooses the
right path,absolutely mesmerising! Touching,informative and beautifully
made.Easily one of the best films of all time,and THE best film on this
subject.9/10
