

One of my deepest wishes in life is that Stanley Kubrick had made
Schindlers
List instead of Spielberg. Spielberg however hard he tried could not
capture
the right feel of the story. Now don't get me wrong Schindlers list is one
of the true classics of modern cinema but one can only start to appreciate
what it could have been. Spielberg is known to be overly sentimental and
this film is no exception. The cinematography of this film is very well
done
but i do not believe it serves it's purpose. The black and white format
was
chosen to give of the feel of a documentary but the shots are too slick,
it
feels to artificial, giving the feel of more a 50's noir film. The acting
is
superb but the script i felt lacked something, being too comercial maybe.
The decision to put it into english was a controversial decision but
simplifies it no end. The violent and very graphic images of the film work
well in some parts, not others, the ghetto cleansing scene works
brilliantly
so does the excercise scene, it truly feels like your watching what
happened
but the parts were Fiennes takes pot shots at the workers, well seemed to
have no point other than too shock you, but there were so many more
attrocities the Nazi's perpetrated that could have taken it's place that
would have added so much to the film.
Too sum up this was a good film with excellent acting, especially by Ben
Kingsley who was robbed of an oscar, superb editing and set design, good
but
misleaded cinematography and average direction. If only Kubrick had made
the
film Aryan Pages instead of Spielberg it undoubtedly would have been the
greatest film of all time in my eyes.
