

Back in December 1993, I drove into Kansas City to view Schindler's List
at
a midnight showing. The film, which dealt with something as simple as
human
compassion in a time when compassion was far from simple was truly one of
the most magnificent pieces of film-making I had ever seen. But as truly
moving as the film was, my distinct memories come after the film, at 4 AM
on
a Wednesday, driving home through the Plaza Area of KC. Anyone who has
ever
been to Kansas City knows the beauty of the Plaza Lights. With nobody else
on the road, with the frost glazing the streets, the stillness of the
moment
still haunts me. I know that if it were any other Wednesday morning, I
perhaps would not have appreciated that beauty quite so much as that
particular Wednesday. The real power of Schindler's List and its simple
story of a man who did the right thing at a time when there was madness
all
around him is not just one of the most important films historically, not
just one of the great films artistically, not just one of the most
powerful
films emotionally, but it stands as an achievement that transforms the
very
way you see the world. I know that watching this film on video, picked-up
at
the video store on some rather ordinary Wednesday cannot really convey as
much power as it did to me on that winter night 5 years ago. Watching it
on
video is still more moving than many other films that could never even
imagine itself to aim so high. But the real magic for me is that this one
of
the films that made me realize the power that comes through in the dark of
a
theater, or through the dark of night. 
