

It's not that Schindler's List is a bad movie; in parts, it's quite
powerful.  What has always annoyed me about this film, however, was the
way
it was so unreservedly embraced by critics and unsophisticated moviegoers.
Seriously, am I the only one who was unimpressed by the main ethical point
of the movie? Really, what does this film have to say beyond, &quot;the
Holocaust
was a bad thing?&quot;  I'm sorry if I don't consider this to be
groundbreaking,
cutting-edge historical analysis.  Furthermore, am I the only one who was
offended that Spielberg made a fundamentally &quot;feel good&quot; movie about the
holocaust?  Was I the only one that was offended by the fact the film ends
by dedicating itself to the six million Jews who died in the Holocaust
(and
about the five million non-Jews who also died you say nothing)?  Did
anyone
else notice how the main characters in Schindler's List were not actually
Jewish, thereby following in the grand Hollywood tradition of turning the
story of oppressed people into the story of a sympathetic member of the
oppressing group (a la Cry Freedom, Mississippi Burning, Beyond Rangoon,
and
so on)?  What really offended me, however, was an issue that, in all
fairness, was peripheral to the film itself.  I was infuriated by the way
Hollywood patted itself on the back for making a movie it hadn't wanted to
make, a movie it should have made decades before.  Schindler's List was
made
about forty years too late, and at its core is the same innocuous
Hollywood
nonsense that has pervaded the world of cinema for far too long.  The
memory
of the members of my family who were murdered during this tragedy deserved
better.  
