

I admit, I have never been a big fan of Steven Spielberg. I must also admit
however that I have a great deal of respect for his charming and subsequent
brainwashing of Hollywood, and how easily he has made himself a brand name
that always commands respect despite having made some of Hollywood's most
overrated and tired films. With Schindler's List he truly created some
powerful images, thought provoking and inciting in how they make you
react...BUT... That's about where it ends. The talent of Steven lies in his
ability to pull the strings of an audience, and in placing his propaganda so
effectively, yet in this film with such a weak cast (other than Ralph
Fiennes who was very effective as opposed to the generally weak and painful
to watch Liam Neeson) and tired subject he breaks no new ground. Not to say
it did not have its beautiful scenes, the executions and murders were
poignant and well done, but lost much of their effect being coupled with so
much overdone melodrama and sap. Its about time Hollywood wakes up, we need
new directors who are bold yet sensible enough to know that there is no such
thing as too far, but are intelligent enough to make a film that can rely on
something other than pure shock, and that sometimes just a little is not
enough and this is perfect evidence of that point. This film would have been
excellent had a master such as Stanley Kubrick made it, but as it stands
Schindlers List garners a 2 out of 10 in my eyes and is one of Spielberg's
better films, but if nothing else its far superior to ET and the wretched
Saving Private Ryan.
