
Any one who care about Cinema in what so ever small manner and also who
sympathize with people perished or survived in holocaust will do a
great disfavor to themselves will if they do not go and watch this
movie, may be to just get shocked. A brilliant camera work along with
the print used in the accompanied with the most adequate lighting adds
to the horror of the situation. The jarring camera work immediately
transports us to that era of which we have only black and white memory.
As far as the script is considered I think it will be much more than
ten textbooks any one will read in script writing. Acting if Liam,
Ralph and Ben have been most natural you will find in any kind of
Cinema. It seems they never supposed that they were recorded on Camera.
And finally coming to direction it is Most Brilliant. I just wish to be
present at the point when Spielberg would have been explaining his
scenes to his actors and the perfect coordination with the people at
back ground and foreground. Some scenes such as small children's not
more than the age of fine throwing stones at the Jew when they were
moved to camps, the horror which women witness when they were moved to
another camp and they apply there on blood on there cheeks to look
radiant and young were beyond imagination and end I think is beyond
what has ever been ever filmed. In every way it is a classic and much
more. It is history in life.
