2005_August 14 
stars:Ben Stiller, Christine Taylor, Owen Wilson, Will Ferrell, Mila
Jovovich, David Duchovny, Jerry Stiller, Jon Voight, David Bowie, Billy
Zane and Vince Vaughn. cameos: Natalie Portman, Christian Slater, Steve
Kmeto, Cuba Gooding Jr., Sandra Bernhard, Lance Bass, Andy Dick(as the
ugly masseuse), Fabio, Donald Trump, Tom Ford, Tommy Hilfiger, Lenny
Kravitz, Gwen Stefani, Heidi Klum, Mark Ronson, Paris Hilton, Nora
Dunn, Tyson Beckford, Steven Dorff, Patton Oswalt, Anne Mearra,
Victoria Beckham, Claudia Schiffer, Lukas Haas, Wynona Ryder and
several others.<br /><br />Derek Zoolander(Stiller) is a stupid male model that becomes devistated
when he loses the Male Model of the Year Award to Hansel(Owen Wilson)
and then loses his father's respect(Voight). To top that off, his best
friends die in a freak gasoline fight accident, reporter Matilda
Jeffries(Taylor) is writing mean articles about Derek and he is being
brainwashed to kill the prime minister of Malaysia by fashion guru
Jacobim Mugatu(Ferrell) and his assistant Katinka
Ogoboginaghahada(Jovovich). Of course, Derek is stupid beyond belief,
so he can't figure out that he's being brainwashed, so Matilda and hand
model J.P. Pruitt(Duchovny) help him along the way. There are over a
hundred cameos in this film, which all add to the zaniness. This is one
laugh after another, especially when his friends have the gasoline
fight, which is a classic scene! my rating....90%. PG-13 for sexuality
and dirty humor. 83 minutes.
