2005_August 30 
I remember seeing The fifth Element around a friends house December
1997. I had heard of the film and wanted to watch it at the cinema, but
being 12, I was always poor, but fortunately, my friend had borrowed it
from an uncle, and both being sci-fi geeks, decided to watch it.. I was
absolutely blown away by the overall presentation of the film, and fell
in love with it immediately. It focuses on the stereotypical sci-fi
action thriller, where an evil from outer space is set to destroy the
universe, and the hero(s) have to stop it. There is definitely a cult
status around this film, and it still doesn't get boring for me. There
are several of my favourite actors in this film, especially a very
diverse villain played by Gary Oldman, an absolutely stunning heroine
who in my view, started the revolution of the female hero, rather than
the 'damsel in distress' that we have seen for many years, played by
Milla Jovovich. and a really anti-hero like hero played by Bruce
Willis. Luc Besson has directed several of my favourite films, and
seeing an interview that he had during the release of the film, it
seems that he had been working on the main storyline as a child. I'm
glad to see that somebody could come up with one of their own ideas for
a film in Hollywood, rather than releasing a very poor re-vamp of an
old classic, as we have come to see nowadays. I love the effects that
were used in the film, regardless of whether people say they are dated,
and there is one of the best movie-score soundtracks to this film. In
my opinion, an underrated classic. Watch this film!
