2006_March 19 
This film is satisfying on many levels. A beautiful movie to watch with
regards to both color and direction. The tasty blue-orange combination
may linger in your thoughts for some time. Plenty of action but not
overloaded. The futuristic metropolis is loaded with visual effects
that are excellent, so you'll have to look hard to point out
inconsistencies. But I'm glad the special effects stop with spaceships
and scenery and do not continue with the making of the alien
characters. There is a plethora of costumes and make-up, which gives
the movie life. However, you can load a movie with art and still suffer
by way of plot, dialog, and acting. But this is where The Fifth Element
excels. The story is simply one of good versus evil but along the way
there's a dose of unpredictability as far as where the good guys are
headed and who they'll encounter. Just add in the sci-fi flavor and you
get a tale of wonderment which doesn't let up. Bruce Willis, Gary
Oldman, Milla Jovovich, and Ian Holm all produce the necessary passion
for their deep characters and the splendid dialog. My appreciation for
all of this has increased since when I first saw it at the theater in
'97. There was a lot for me to process so it took me several views to
fully absorb this fine experience. Action/adventure, comedy, love, and
drama have been intertwined into this mesmerizing work of art for the
eyes and ears. Do enjoy.
