2000_April 16 

First things first: the only reason I am writing this review is because of
the overwhelming amount of high ratings given this film, and its 7.0
average
star rating.  Given this information I have no choice but to assume the
people seeing this film have never seen any science fiction, comedy, or in
fact any movie of any weight at all ever in their life.  Lets address the
issues:<br /><br />Plot: Abysmal
The plot of this movie is something like what you wrote in 5th grade for
the
composition part of the day, complete with that cool gun you always
wanted.
I read a review describing it as too complicated; that's a bit like saying
a
lego is complicated... No, this movie's 'plot' is simple, derivative,
juvenile and eventually unnecessary.  Whomever commented that it is a
little
better than Dark City, I urge you to go soak your head and maybe watch the
5th Element sober this time.<br /><br />Acting: Laughable
Bruce Willis plays himself.  Beautiful Milla Jovovich speaks
gibberish...how
hard is that? Gary Oldman terribly directed, it looks like it physically
pains him to say each line with that ridiculous accent. Chris Tucker is
obnoxious and unnecessary.  Everyone else is as well, I
suppose.<br /><br />Special effects/style: They blew it
If I were to give this movie any credit, it would be in this
category--there
was a monumental effort to get me to like this film by the director,
costumer, cinematographer, etc etc, but none of them could do their job
well.  I was sad to see this movie so badly directed after seeing Leon
(The
Professional in the USA), which is on my top 10.  The costumes were not
over
the top, they were ridiculous, we'll leave it at that.  Everything in the
movie was exaggerated to the point of absurdity.  Now I'm a fan of action,
SF, comedy, and everything this film tries to be, and I can't think of one
film that has done ANYTHING as badly as any given part of this movie.  The
special effects were a mixed bag--the city was decent, but not visionary
as
some of you have put it, just fun for a moment, which was soon lost.  In
the
first scene, I actually thought the animatronic alien things were a joke
until they turned out to be an 'important' part of the movie's 'plot.'
When
this was made clear to me I nearly died laughing.  For those of you who
haven't seen it, you'll know what I mean when you do.  There's no real
style
to the cinematography, directing, or editing; it was all done on the fly,
I
think, resulting in some shabby and excessive shots.<br /><br />Overall: just too bad to even consider
I realize that some of you will say this movie doesn't take itself
seriously, but I disagree; no 16-year old kid writes something like this
to
be a self-parody, not even Luc Besson.  Some will say it's just mindless
fun.  Mindless yes, fun.....well, the gags weren't funny, the action was
melodramatic, hideously overdone, and gimmicky all over.  That cool gun?
It
plays no part in the movie at all, and it takes up about 5 min of screen
time.  Same for Christ Tucker's character.<br /><br />Bottom line:
If the producers of this movie intended it to be this bad, I sincerely
applaud them, because they succeeded marvelously in creating such an
abominally bad piece of cinema (even popcorn cinema) that I actually
thought
it was made to be a serious hollywood movie.  The ONLY reasons to rent
this
are 1:an overdone version of the do's and don'ts of movies, minus the
don'ts.  see it if you want to make movies--this isn't what you want to
do.
And 2:Milla Jovovich does the only good job at anything in this movie,
being
beautiful...and she doesn't even have to try.  Thus concludes the
panning.<br /><br />And for all of you who sincerely enjoyed this movie.....
never mind.
