2002_July 22 

This show does an excellent job of depicting one of the biggest problems
in
America. No, not necessarily the drug trade; rather, the ineptitude of any
legal system. The problem: criminals don't have to use the legal system
until they arrive in court (where they will use it to the fullest, of
course) while the police are shackled by rules and regulations through
every
step of every investigation.<br /><br />Give your head an episode or two to stop reeling from the slang and
business
hierarchies and you may just come away with a crystal clear understanding
of
why crime pays so well. While the police are getting their ankles caught
in
legal loopholes and stumbling through the gauntlet of excessive machismo,
political power-trips and in-house ladder-climbing, the drug lords are
oiling up the money machine with their product. An orange sofa in the
middle
of a project courtyard looks like Wall Street (on a good day). Police
headquarters and the courthouses look like Joe's Deli in the midst of a
health inspection. Furthermore, this series blurs the line between 'good'
and 'evil', depicting both sides as genuine people. Some of the drug
runners
actually have a problem with murder. Some of the cops don't. Either way,
showing both the crime and the justice within the context of a capitalist
culture, as a business, makes this series deeper than any other cop show
I've seen--including Homicide--and answers a lot of those 'why' questions
that we ask ourselves every time we open a newspaper or flick the remote
to
CNN and recognize that something out there just seems wrong.
