2004_January 31 

&quot;The Boondock Saints&quot; possesses one of the most despicable and putrid
hearts
of any movie I have ever seen.  The film exalts the MacManus brothers as a
couple of death angels, exempt from the laws of God they so mercilessly
impose on others.  Far from the truth, the brothers are sadistic and
frightening, less human than the criminals and drug dealers they kill with
staggering enjoyment.  I find it truly horrific that people could actually
believe these boys are doing the right thing, as if fulfilling some holy
edict.  In their quest to rid the world of evil, they reveal their own
relentless bloodthirst and show themselves to be true avatars of evil -
those that kill under the guise of goodness (like the Nazis).  A film
condemning these two would be fine but this film seems to wholeheartedly
believe in their deluded divine right.  Worse yet, the film is very poorly
made.  Except for Willem Dafoe's oddly fascinating turn in drag, the
acting
is uniformly one-note, the plot deficient, the dialogue leaden, the action
scenes preposterous, the climax ineffectual and the directing stilted.
The
coup de grace of this immoral mess comes at the very end, where, after
what
seems like hours of die-hard nihilistic conviction, the director throws in
a
few interview scenes to muddle the message.  He probably thought this was
the perfect coda to elevate the story into a realm of public thought.
Instead, these final scenes betray his disguise, and the entire film, as
amateurish moral posturing.
