1999_July 20 

I saw this movie last week. It was great. The crude humor is exellent. But a
few things. I saw it was nc-17, and i was waitng for some really intense
content, and it never really happened. Sure it's crude and nasty and not for
kids, but not that extreme, not that close really. The nudity isn't that
bad, and the laugange is just as bad as the typical r film. It might be the
weakest nc-17 movie ever. My friends and i rent two films that have a theme,
and then we watch 'em. So we saw orgazmo with Flesh gordon 2.One thing, if
you seen flesh one or two, you know that orgazmo is a rip off of flesh. Its
the same guy.The costume is the same. The plot wasn't a rip off, just the
charater. This was the r rated version of flesh gordon 2, and it really
wasn't that much better in content. Flesh had bad lauqange also,nudity and
penis shaped things. They didn't have as much scenes with female genital
area, and mabey orgazmo was a NOTCH diriter, but if you don't want your kids
to watch orgazmo, flesh 2  isn't really a good altertative.Example: orgazmo
has a scene with a guy with a penis on his head with a naked men(from the
back) jumping on naked women. Flesh has a scene with a spaceship that fires
a white substance on a another ship. i found both these pretty crude, but
funny.You get the picture.Orgazmo was funnier then flesh 2, (flesh 2 was
good, orgazmo really good) but you the content is not up thier to nc-17. The
makers of the film got ripped off. (Flesh gordon 1 has more nudity than both
these movies combined,even the r rated version!!!). But orgazmo  was funny
as hell, mabey better than south park. So rent it and enjoy!!!!!!!!!
