2000_August 5 

When you have a subject like the story of Jeanne D'Arc(she was French so I
use her French name), you can do a lot of things. Besson tried to make an
epic movie with an ending which would analyze what happened. This is a very
interesting approach, but I personally believe that the movie could have
lasted 20 more minutes. Besson spent too much time fighting and not enough
time analyzing. But the fight scenes are still very well shot, as is the
rest of the movie. Something that I found strange is that Besson is a
director which has a style of his own. I believe I could recognize a Besson
movie just by the style of it. But not this one. It is his most American
movie to date, and I didn't feel his style as much. Then again, maybe it's
just because Jean Reno didn't have at least a cameo... Let's return to the
directing. It is very dynamic and appropriate for the movie. The acting was
a mixed bag. For example, Milla Jovovich was perfect in some scenes, but in
others, she was not totally convincing. Faye Dunaway was not bad, but she
was not very good either. Malkovich was good as Charles VII, and I like the
way he portrayed him as a coward and a puppet with no will to decide on his
own. Still, I think he could have been even better. The only one who was
perfect was Dustin Hoffman. When Jeanne was fire, he was ice. I liked the
scenes he and Milla had together, has Besson tried to give use a choice
between Mad Jeanne and Saint Jeanne. I think he believes in Mad Jeanne, but
he doesn't close the other theory. The supporting cast was okay. Still, I
think this movie could have been better with a longer period in the prisons.
All in all, if you are interested in history, this is a movie you should
see.<br /><br />74% 
