1999_November 19 

I have studied Joan for 2 years and know someone who has studied her for
6-
This was not a historical film- In fact- when it came to joans life- they
got most of it wrong- Now if the Besson would have been the judge there to
condemn her- he would have done a great job. Ok  here are the facts- Joan
never had a sister who was raped. Did besson really have to put that in
there to make it a good story...I don't think so. Did she see winds
blowing
etc- sure - every day - but not with her visions and voices- she saw light
in the church- and also margerite- Did they bring in what Joan said
herself?
No... they made it up. She said she had been visited by Margerite and
catherine- interestingly enough- they were both martyrs- and one of them
was
burnt at the stake. Sad that it happened to Joan too. She was NEVER unsure
of her mission. She was sure of her mission from day 1- Her words are
there
for anyone to read- But it looks like Besson didn't do his history
lessons.
If you want to read a good book on her-Read Rejean Pernouds book on Joan
of
arc- By herself and her witnesses. or Mark Twains- Joan of Arc. ( Believe
it
or not- a little known fact is that he spent 12 years researching her-
Went
to England and France reseaching her. He considered it his best and most
important work. You can find it on the net-
including her trial. At the end of her life before she died she saw
Michael(
an angel) and told the judges at one time what he looked like- they were
shocked because the likness they had hid from the world was spoken by
her.It
was not &quot;her concience&quot;
Sorry I just feel badly about this film. I was excited about it at first-
then very disappointed. Like I said- He would have made a great judge. It
sounds to me like he would have been one who would send her to the stake.
It
disgraced one of the best lives of our time.
