2012_March 29 
well, i got a chance to see the paid preview of the movie at an early
screening and here is my verdict. The movie has a lot of action and
amazing CGI but there is no particular story or character development
or even emotions. Here u will sit just using ur head and yes. There is
no involvement of the heart to feel for the loss of anyone dying. The
movie is gud if ure just into mindless action. But i feel at times the
camera moves so fast that it becomes difficult to seen the clear
picture of the monsters unless its in slow motion. I have seen it in 3D
and some of the scenes were really good and in ur face type. but
overall, not much of 3D. It makes it kinda dark. The story is quite
simple as you know that the titans want to rule the world and over
throw the Gods and its upto Perseus to save them. ( well, in the end
you just have no Gods left). The movie is much better than clash of the
titans ( though I hardly remember what that was about) and sometimes
while watching Wrath of the titans, i keep thinking of Immortals,
similar setup. overall, its a gud action movie. don&#x27;t crack ur brain
about whether to watch it or not. Its always upto u. so just put
everything aside and spend ur weekend with a nice action movie. Its
much better than the other junks out there. u wont come out with a
headache unless ur a total Greek mytho guy and want every details.
Movies are to be enjoyed, not analyzed. I already do that in office. :)
