2003_January 21 

Ok, for the good stuff. This movie wasn't that bad when I saw it for the
first time in the theaters. Even though a lot of the characters... ok ALL of
the characters, weren't the ones in the game, this movie does stay true to
the plot with the Resident Evil video game. First they got the Mansion.
Second they got the STARS Swat team. Third they got the zombies. Fourth they
got the dogs. And last they got the Licker. Their object is to break into
The Hive, which is a secret Umbrella facility deep underneathe the mansion,
to investigate what the hell was going on in there. Oh did I forget to
mention they're going to have Nemesis? So this movie does go little bit
closer to the games, unlike Mario Bros the Movie, Street Fighter Live Action
Movie, and the dreaded Final Fantasy: Spirits Within. The special effects
were cool and well done, and the gore scenes were awesome!<br /><br />Ok now for the bad stuff. I'm going to talk about &quot;some&quot; of the things I
thought needs improvement on. The make-up and special effects of the zombies
were cool in the beginning of the movie, but some how they started to get
dull throughout the rest. All of the zombie's make-up started to look the
same, without any of the special effect features like the ones in the
beginning...you know the zombies that had their eyeballs missing or the one
with part of its face missing. The zombies later in the movie just looked
like they've been hit in the face with some white powder to make them look
pale and a pair of blurred contact lens. Spencer was the exception. Next, I
kinda thought the little hologram girl started to get annoying throughout
the movie. And last, they should of added more action scenes which takes
place INSIDE the mansion, instead of having most of it in The Hive. This
will make it seem more equivalent to the first Resident Evil
game.<br /><br />7 out of 10
