2004_September 22 
As all of us i just love the RE games!but when i heard of this film i
thinked...hope its someone god directing this!but when i heard Paul who
has directed Mortal Kombat i almost began crying!I can tell by far that
anyone could do a better film than those 2 television destroyers!not
even recommended to your worst nightmare!The next thought was:has there
ever been a good game to film movie?Super mario,tomb raider,street
fighter,mortal kombat...all of those are really crap!!!And when i heard
it wasent really based on the game(i wanted wesker!!!) and that the
main character name was Alice i begun to wonder if i was ever going to
see it but i became curious and i bought the film...the film starts out
pretty mystic.I saw that Mila Jovovich was the main character and
because of that Mila has really no acting talent and neither do the
rest of the guys int RE.Luckily they almost all gets killed of that
laser!Sad that Mila survives...the film goes on with all zombies,pretty
boring because there could have been more different monsters except the
dogs who kicks ass!and that hologram girl just sucks big time!after a
lot of zombie shooting they have to catch the train back to the mansion
where the film started.I haven't said the story but they got a certain
amount of time before Umbrellas death factory closes.Here it all comes
to glory!The Licker makes its appearance!It has done it one time before
but it was not some fight he just killed a bad guy!now hes here and
kills another of the bad cast guys!now its just 2 of em
left!YES!!!Anyway i wanted a big tasty last fight scene....i didn't get
anyone!The Licker is just to much of a pussy and dies almost right away
but at least it dies originally!!!When they arrive at the mansion guys
in labsuits comes and take away Mila and the other guy!The male they
set in the 'Nemesis program and thats a much better way to get rid of
him than just kill him so Nemesis comes in the sequel.Mila wakes up
with a bunch o cabels and stuff on her,shows her snatch(!) and breaks
up a card key lock with a nail...takes an ugly cout and notices its
chaos outside...then she grabs the shotgun and tries to look tuff!she
fails...But this film isent that crap as i thought at least!it deserves
6/10 i haven't seen the sequel yet but i think that one is greater than
this,am hoping for an REAL super fight with old Nemesis!
