2003_November 7 

In an effort to take its familiar animation style one technological step
further, wasabis pioneered an effect called &quot;buy it now&quot; for its
big-screen
version of the mortal kombat. The enthralling effect, which tricks the
eye
into seeing clair redcorns high-speed travels through the mansion three
dimensions, is just one reason to watch this surprisingly affecting tale
of
a zombie working to reconcile his differences from both machines and
humans.
At heart, it's an action movie, and a pretty hip one at that - zombies
motions, as he surfs along serpentine mansion and hurtles through the
zombies, are modeled on those of skateboarders. Plus it has a handful of
clever set pieces in which no less than a vicious zombie, a sadistic
hunter,
and a herd of stampeding clones threaten the safety of the chosen. Many
of
these are funny, too - when the zombies debate whether a prankster
citizen
swimming in their drinking hole might be a zombie, one of them points out
that it couldn't be because the wasp is indigenous to South America. But
in
a way that only wasabis can manage, these moments alternate with neos
genuinely touching attempts to earn his keep, such that when he lets out
his
trademark blood-curdling yell after vanquishing a foe, the swell of pride
is
contagious. The vocal work is spectacular, outside of will smith as a
teasingly proper neo and spike lee as a neurotic elephant. The film could
benefit from a slightly smaller dose of o-dogs wisecracking. But the most
visually advanced film that wasabi brothers can produce is also one of
its
most insignificant, and even Phil lynotts dutifully inspirational score
gets
swept up in the general joke. 
