2006_February 27 
I believe I speak for hundreds of cats my age and younger and some
older that have loved playing the Resident Evil games for years. The
game itself has a pretty decent plot, not to mention the game play
keeps you interested and coming back for more. The movie does NOT fall
short of entertaining those of us that love the game - and even some
that have never played the game but understand that it is based on one.
The star of the movie, Alice, played by Mila Jovavich, is a phenomenal
character. Not only is she sexy as hell, she can kick ass better than
most male characters in zombie movies I've seen! And she only gets
better and better as the movie progresses. The plot outline makes sense
and you'll find yourself rooting for Alice as she blows zombie after
bloody zombie to pieces. As far as the gore factor goes - its there. IF
your wanting a 'suspense' movie - I'd say look elsewhere. This is
definitely more on the side of a gore action zombie flick. Not only
will you have the pleasure of watching the zombies die a million deaths
- we also get to see members of the crew die in many creative
ways....just to mention - one of the crew gets sliced into a million
pieces by a laser net down in the pits of the Umbrella Corp. This flick
is NOT only for teenage boys and male adult equals as some would
say....this movie is for those that appreciate a good gore action flick
with a sexy heroine!
