2005_July 8 
Ambitious but ultimately mind-numbing sci-fi/horror flick based on the
gory video games of the same name. Model-turned-actress Milla Jovovich
plays a ruthless high-security double-agent for a massive corporation
suddenly embroiled in a complicated and dangerous mission to not only
stop an evil supercomputer that has gone berserk, but also to save the
numerous scientists that have become trapped inside it's locked-down
labyrinthine center. Loads of pointless characters are brought in with
utterly asinine dialogue to spout, the acting is cringe-worthy, and the
would-be intelligent plot jumps around so often that one barely has a
chance to grasp what had just happened in the previous scene! If it
weren't for the highly-stylish and ultra-violent special effects (the
mutants and zombies especially), and rip-roaring lightening fast pace
this flick would have been lost on almost all audiences (myself
included) with the exception of the die-hard fans of the video game
series. Overall, 2002's &quot;Resident Evil&quot; is little more than a piece of
hard-candy. Meaning that it may look good and taste good at first, but
when you actually get into it you're more often than not sorry you ever
tried it in the first place. I suppose I shouldn't have expected much
though, since the film is based on a video-game of all things. And
don't we know what great material that makes for movies *rolls
eyes*...anyone remember &quot;Super-Mario Brothers&quot;? (** out of *****)
