2001_January 25 

I have to say that I have seen Forrest Gump about seven times and it never
fails to amuse, move and amaze me as one of the best films of the last 10
years. Tom Hanks is one of the best actors that I have ever seen and his
portrayal of the slightly dim but warm hearted Forrest Gump is just one of
the many examples of this. The plot is very cleverly interwoven with very
memorable historical events making us relate and love the character Gump
even more. To say that this film is over-rated is to be blind to the pure
genius that is the whole story. If it is such a bad film then why would it
have been nominated for so many awards? Why did Tom Hanks win an oscar for
it? Finally, why is it repeated on TV all the time with thousands upon
millions of viewers tuning in to watch Forest's trials and tribulations,
slowly but surely falling in love with his character and watching with
disgust at Jenny as she fails to notice this sweet, kind and caring man
infront of her and chooses the guys who will only let her down time and
time
again. When I see that film, I always cry, and call me sentimental if you
want I can't help but relate to this poor boy who just wants the simple
life
without having all these people entwined with him, many presidents, Elvis,
Chinese world ping-pong champions and the first ever black people to be
allowed in white schools! Even through all this, anyone who has a heart can
not fail to be touched by, even though this guy has everything that anyone
could ever want, all he wants is Jenny. 
