2004_November 5 
Forrest Gump is not a very easy film to look at without really needing
to move into depth and vision.The film seems not to allow for a capsule
summary and personally it doesn't want to be characterized.The truth is
like that in many ways because it stands for something that stands the
test of time and perhaps thats what makes some of this going not
particularly simple.Its difficult not to like this film and more so how
we are looked at perhaps as a remnant of time.The early going for the
parent was not so easy to understand because there was a lack of
humility exhibited by gumps mother but gump was not brought up a
certain way that would allow for a typical response and so we have an
unusual storyline.Doctors can have that kind of sobering effect on
developing youngsters,no one reading this can say otherwise because we
all grew up.The bullying and clever positioning of scenes is not always
enjoyable but it is a way that we are being poked fun at or begged to
have a sense of humor.There would of long been a number of fights had
that occurred when I was in those grades and indeed I think that here
the picture starts to tell us something about
bravery,honor,ingenuity,and good fortune.<br /><br />Forrest Gump can run like the wind.Clever,witty and it certainly does
keep your interest.However its got to stop this is absolutely
ridiculous and that when the story begins to go backward.I thought the
anti-war protest scene was a great pitch for an everlasting value,it
was unfortunate that the female had no more sense than most of those
deals back then because what was represented in the heart of this very
decent man was true love.Perhaps,perhaps,perhaps it is terribly moving
his involvement with jinny.It would of hurt to have gotten all those
letters back and so much so that in reality this relationship would not
of matured.This is a complicated area because it is suggested that she
was the victim of child abuse perhaps though not stated even maybe more
so than just abuse.It is further suggested that that was the cause of
jinnys proclivities as she wondered about the country side.It is even
more involved than that and that she had no home life and only one
parent and then not even that.We certainly have the idea here of two
youngsters jinny and gump both of which do not share or know what it
would be like to have both parents present in there upbringing.The girl
is something of a wreck from the start as her idea of stardom in that
bar scene was ridiculous.<br /><br />I personally don't have the time nor the room to really look at what it
was that this movie attempted to say.Why would you have a naked broad
on stage with a guitar singing how many roads does a man have to walk
down before you call him a man,?If all roads don't lead to Rhome I
wouldn't know ?This perhaps was a good way to showcase gump more so
than other aspect of this film because the broad was in a dump and
doing what so many of them do and what is that?I really don't know
because it would not of occurred to me nor did it occur to gump that
she was his one and only.The tragic idea here has to do with two
essential aspects of love,importance and pleasure.The young girl
continues to move away from a central point and away from true
love.This is the nature of the rebellion in her and eventually she will
discover that she has lost something very dear,even very close to her
heart.It maybe her love of her parent or maybe her love for forrest
gump,however that lost idea is going to fool her into beleiving in
something that is not important nor is the pleasure that it provides of
a lasting value.I cant provide all that is condoned with its place but
it isn't friendly and that is where forrest gump shows the audience
what is more important and that is a love of abiding faith so deep as
to be though over history.The placement of this picture suggests that
there is no place like home,that being greenbaugh,alabama and quite
frankly I agree.The suggestion is very appropriate and perhaps well
placed.I think Forrest Gump was a bit over simplified as no one could
be that stupid or could he.I think the scenes in college are about as
enjoyable as college gets and his military service exemplary.He was
trained very well and did this nation a service by representing the USA
as one of its ping pong ambassadors to china.There is so much that Iam
not going to go much father due in principal that unless you cant see
it Gump is the right man.He has a gift and it is about to pay off.This
really doesn't answer what everyone else is doing or what else may in
fact be going on but the unbelievable happens Apple Computer.I think
thats a smile and so was his road running.The feather theme by Alan
Silvestri is worth mentioning as a beautiful piece of music.Like I said
this is not a simple film nor is it exactly what it appears either.
