2000_February 27 

Perhaps the most interesting aspect in Forrest Gump is its various
alternations of certain historical events.  While these scenes (presented in
the fashion of archives) which center on interaction with numerous past
famous people essentially appears to be contrived (not to mention that the
film also could have gone further with the satire), this can also serve as
some type of source for information on the United States and are amusing and
inventive. The storytelling in general, feels like a way to provide some
type of information and history of the United States at a certain period. 
But the film as a whole feels bloated, and along the way, some considerably
offensive material can be found here and there.  At one point, there's a
feeling that the script is trying to lay down a stereotype people based on
the type of states that they live in.  The script in certain areas takes
some humor and/or tries to create satire out of people with various physical
disabilities along with seemingly attempting to create some humor out of a
racial slur based on misinterpretation from the title character.  Certain
points in the story are brought up in a relatively low key fashion but we
still can help to come to a foregone conclusion on the meaning of the
particular topics that are discussed.  Along with that, Forrest Gump
occasionally aims for absolutely low brow humor rather than providing more
necessary satire.  While the musical score makes for a good set piece, the
drama to a certain extent can also rub you the wrong way.  It at times
breaks down and treads into sappy territory and can also get pretty
manipulative.  Take for instance a small reference to AIDS which by itself
feels tagged onto the story. 
