2006_February 24 
wow, i can't believe i just put that in the title. I didn't think i
would ever be able to decide which is Jim Carrey's best movie, or at
least, which one i enjoy the most, (i'm a massive fan!) Eternal
sunshine takes the cake without a shadow of a doubt! despite the fact
that it is critically acclaimed for it's brilliant, visionary
techniques, (mainly thanks to director Michel Gondry). It's good to see
Carrey taking some risks, stepping outside silly comedy which is his
bread and butter, and i think it is obvious that Jim has enjoyed the
change. he plays his character extremely well, weaving in and out of
'quiet, insecure Joel' to 'fun-loving Jim Carrey of old.' The Charlie
Kaufman script is sometimes hard to follow, but if you follow the
dialogue close enough, you will notice when the jumps from memory to
Joel's current thoughts happen. Kate Winslet lights up the screen as
the beautiful Clemntine, who is somewhat of an enigma in the film, but
you grow to love her obnoxious, and sometimes quite shockingly foul
mouth. With an impressive supporting cast of Kirsten Dunst, Mark
Ruffalo, Elijah Wood and Tom Wilkinson, they provide the movie with
interesting side stories and an essential parallel story as well. such
is the rich tapestry of a Kaufmann script, you don't really know how
the story will end, but you will be pleasantly by the end, as it holds
it's integrity, and doesn't resort to a 'let's make everyone happy feel
good ending'. must see, 10/10
