2005_February 12 
I was impressed the first time I saw this movie, but when I saw it a
second time (six months later)I was blown away. Maybe it was the fact I
had gone through a set of personal experiences in which I saw parallels
to the movie, but more realistically it was the fact that I took in
every moment of the cinematography. Not only is this a psychological
adventure for the viewer it's a movie classic in the making. I've seen
a lot of negative IMDb comments on this movie and plenty of praise too.
Some will either get it... or they won't. Would any of us erase a
person from their life if they had to give up every good time as well
as every bad ?. It is thought provoking... I really like that too.
There has also been criticism of the dialogue as being weak... I don't
think that is true either. When I've discussed some of the stupid
things I've said, well it seems real enough to me. I'm writing this
comment as the Award season of 2005 is upon us, if this movie does not
get recognized for the finely crafted masterpiece it is I will finally
know that film making has become a dark art. A craft that is no longer
understood by those in power. See this movie again... it's well worth a
second viewing. I put money on this becoming a movie that is as
powerful in 30 years as it is today, it's one for the movie collection.
Well done Focus Films and thank you to all the cast and crew for
putting this together so brilliantly. WOW !!!
