2004_November 2 
From the acclaimed writer of Being John Malkovich and Adaptation comes
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, a magnificent romance story with
so many twists and turns its unbelievable to watch. Jim Carrey gives an
Oscar-worthy performance as Joel, who becomes attached to a young and
somewhat bizarre woman named Clementine, played perfectly by Kate
Winslet. The pair experience a bizarre connection with one another and
gradually begin to fall in love. However, when Clementine decides to
have Joel erased from her memory because she finds him boring, the
story unravels into something more complicated than a romance story but
rather an exciting odyssey into the deepest and darkest regions of the
human psyche. As a result, Joel decides to have Clementine erased from
his memory. However, as the process escalates throughout the course of
the film, Joel discovers that he cannot live without Clementine and
wants to end the process. What results is a masterful film that should
definitely get Oscar nominations for Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet.
Charlie Kaufman has written yet another brilliant screenplay and is
probably going to receive his third Oscar nomination for this film.
Hopefully, the third time is the charm and he will finally win the
Oscar because he is quite simply a brilliant, sophisticated, and
totally original writer. Accolades to Charlie Kaufman and Eternal
Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. <br /><br />Lenny's Grade: A
