2005_June 25 
I'm happy to say that I came into 'Eternal Sunshine Of the Spotless
Mind' with absolutely no idea what to expect. Although it had been out
for at least a year and quite a while on DVD, I, well, took about a
year off watching movies completely. So now I'm playing catch-up, and I
heard people talking ecstatically about this movie, so I took the
plunge, even though I'm not the biggest Jim Carrey fan in the world. I
knew it had to do with memory loss? Or something. So, I came in, again
with no real expectations.<br /><br />Well, I have to say, I haven't enjoyed a movie as imaginative a movie
in a long time. Jim Carrey plays a sad sack of a man who meets the girl
of his dreams (literally ha ha!). When she erases any memory of him
using a controversial procedure, he gets the procedure done too, as he
doesn't want to go through the pain of knowing he was in love with her
and her not knowing a thing (you're following me? Good). Only, there
are complications, when the girl of his dreams, doesn't, um, want to
erase herself from his dreams. And neither does he. It's a hell of a
tricky story, and I don't know where the heck Charlie Kaufman gets his
stories from, but he deserved every ingot of god that was in the Oscar
for that screenplay. Along with Carrey, it also stars Kate Winslet,
Kirsten Dunst (who is great here). Mark Ruffalo, Tom Wilkinson, and
Elijah Wood, who I gotta say, is the fastest actor ever NOT to get
typecast, as he's so funny here.
