2004_October 5 

I know most people who rented this flick, did so because they are into
Adrien Brody, now let me first say that I found The Pianist to be a
compelling film,however I have not seen this guy act well, since or
before the above mentioned movie. This flick portrays a sad dork from
suburbia who lives in a dysfunctional family and whose sole friend is a
punk rocker chick and a wooden dummy he is a attached to; the premise
of the flick is not that bad, provided there is a good looking girl who
becomes his love interest, after all many good movies are based on this
same premise, however this movie is really sucky, I mean the action
jumps from place to place making not sense whatsoever and the acting of
Mr. Brody pretty much just ruins the whole thing, of course he is not
alone in the disaster, Ms. Jovovich's character is so idiotic and
clich&eacute; it makes all the punk rockers from the 90's sound like Plato. I
had not much of an expectation about this film, and after seeing it, I
just felt like I had wasted a couple of hours, I do not know what
happened to the scrawny long-nosed fella who acted in The Pianist, but
he sure is not in this one, one can also checked him out in The
Village, Shyamalan's last fiasco, a film in which not only the plot
sucks, but Mr. Brody manages to make his retarded character idiotic
beyond belief, I mean you gotta see it to believe it, his acting is so
lame. Avoid this at all costs.

